Flew to Lisbon from Toronto July 27 2015, plane was a older model, no entertainment system. We had to download an app on the iPad or if you don't have a iPad the airline rents them for $10. Movies are mostly older ones, which I was shocked to see, since I've flown overseas many times. The leg room seems tight compared to other overseas flights I've taken. Crew were very nice. I'm Canadian, and very disappointed in my countries main airliner. Long ways to go to be a premium airline.
We are a family of 5 who had booked a flight from Montreal to Athens with Aegean Airlines on July 26, 2015. It turned out it was Air Canada Rouge, flight AC 1902. The experience was mostly poor. The airplane was a 767-300 with tight legroom and no entertainment monitor displays. This was a big surprise for a transatlantic flight. When I did the web check-in on aircanada.com, it showed that the airplane had individual displays. The crew said you could download the application on an android or apple smartphone or rent an Ipad for $10. Of course we do not have such a device for each member of the family and paying for such a basic service item was out of the question. The Wifi was slow and the entertainment server would show busy many times when we tried to connect with the smartphone. The food was below average but the washrooms were kept in good condition during the flight. The only positive was the crew. They did all they could to help with questions and queries. I am not impressed with Air Canada Rouge. The quality of service is much lower than with Air Transat which we used to travel to Spain, Portugal, and France.
I checked our family of 6 in online before we departed YVR. For some reason, I was not able to complete this for my sister. Once we arrived at YVR, the agent could not explain why there was a problem. Departure was on time. Leg room was non-existent, and I'm only 5'2" tall! Seats cushion reminded me of those foamies we used to sit on in 1978 for a football game. Seat only reclined 1.5" for an red-eye flight. Only purchased a chocolate bar for $3.50 so no idea of food quality. Only 2 drink services on a 6 hour flight seemed a little poor (and hot drinks were not available one way). IFE was non-accessible because we weren't told about the app until 3 minutes before we had to turn off our phones - no time to download. On the way home I has this handled only to discover the movies were tremendously old! Attendant who spoke in eng/fr over the PA system spoke so poorly, it reminded me of a Charlie Brown episode. I'm all for low-brow discount air travel, but I expected better of AC. I might as well have flown with Allegiant. In that case, I know what I'll find (and do to Vegas regularly). So poor value for $. For the same amount, I could fly with Hawaiian out of Seatac and receive full service and leg room.
Air Canada rouge was a disgrace at least on this flight. The aircraft interior was dirty, seats shabby and the state of the toilet was atrocious. The aircraft had been at the gate for long enough to be properly cleaned, so there was no excuse for the lack of cleanliness. Flight attendants completely indifferent throughout the flight. Clearly they were intent on doing the bare minimum. Surely and unsmiling. Very poor standard of grooming, some looked like they had slept in their uniforms. There is no in seat entertainment system. A long flight on Air Canada Rouge would be unbearable. Avoid at all costs.
Fine going to Vancouver, but on return there was a big delay! After 3 hours they changed the gate and got another plane - so an almost 4 hour delay.
Flying AC1753 from Varadero to Toronto (connected fly) July 22 2015. Asked for a glass of water 15 minutes after taking off. It was brought 1.5 hours later, the water was not drinkable. I couldn't drink it, I gave it back to an air hostess and asked for a good one, she said yes, the water she gave me was the tap water because Air Canada Rouge do not offer bottle water to passengers, however she said she would give me a glass of bottled water as an exception. 
It was a 12 hour flight from Vancouver to Osaka but there was no screen for any entertainment. With a family of five with three kids under 12, this was terrible. There was an app we could download to watch movies but the selection was minimal and we did not prepare enough devices for the trip because we assumed there would be provided screens. Also, nowhere to charge your device! How do they expect us to use our own device and not charge it? Half way through the flight all the battery was gone and we were a very grumpy family. Also the plane was very old and trashy. 
I would not recommend Air Canada Rouge to anyone. To start my trip I signed up for notification for cancelled or delayed flight. I got nothing but find myself sitting at the airport with a 3 hour delay. No problem, delays happen. When we were getting ready to finally board they were over booked and had to sort out that issue. I booked an early flight so I would have an extra day in Vegas. That was blown. Flight home surprise agian delay. Smaller this time but still delayed. Now when we finally land we have been at the airport for 20 min but are still sitting on the plane because there is no room for us to park. I am currently still on the run tarmac sitting in a very hot plane. This is my first and last flight with Air Canada Rouge. 
Done all necessary procedure to make sure my girl would get proper assistance as she has special needs. When she got to Toronto, no wheelchair was brought to her even though AC confirmed that she would have her own at the door for the leg at the next terminal. She had to walk to the gate and no one offered help! She has cerebral palsy and walks with difficulty and very slowly. Nobody at AC wondered if the only passenger with a wheelchair had the proper service.
Worse than Air Transat. Terrible price-quality. Food disgusting. No individual screens or audio system. Must rent a tablet which is a cheap money grab. To be avoided at all costs.
Air Canada Rouge by far the worst airline I have been on, the prices you pay for a ticket and the level of comfort is unacceptable. Their business class is as good as United Airlines economy. Plus if you are 5'10 or taller you can barely fit in the seats and zero leg room.
I frequently visit Las Vegas throughout the year, I thought I would give Air Canada Rouge a try. One major problem was that the day I flew there was a fuel service strike so I was delayed for over 4 hours. I frequently check my flight status especially when I leave, throughout that day I had checked at least 4 times. I only found out about it when I was at the check in counter. There was no email, no automated phone call, nothing to notify me. I was stuck waiting for hours doing nothing. When we finally got on the flight all they said was sorry. Nothing more. Not even some form of a minor compensation like refunding the baggage fee or something free on the flight. The seats were cramped, there was significantly less legroom compared to Westjet. No entertainment system whatsoever. It's 2015 and this airline operates like it's 1990 with the design of this plane. The sad part is that they can get away with this because there's absolutely no competition in this industry within Canada. Flight travel should be a stress free situation and the whole time I used this airline was such a inconvenience.
I booked our vacation package specifically because the flight attached to the Gran Bahia was flying with Air Canada and I expected to be impressed with this airline. Unfortunately, everything on Air Canada’s end was abysmal. Our flight (AC-1812), scheduled to depart from Toronto at 4.35pm was delayed five hours thus we arrived at our hotel at 5.30am and lost a huge part of the first day on our trip. We heard that the plane had mechanical problems in Cancun and was thus delayed. We were given ten-dollar vouchers for food at the airport and as a result, were not even offered snacks on the flight. Had this been the end of our poor experience with Air Canada, it would not have been a huge deal, however, our flight home (AC-1813), scheduled for 9.50pm on February 28th was cancelled completely. After our return flight was initially delayed, they had to cancel our flight to Toronto because they were missing a part for the navigation system in their plane. After both mechanical failures and massive delays, we did not feel confident that our flight would depart on time. Our flight was supposed to depart at 9.50pm on Saturday 28th of February but instead they booked a new flight at 5pm the next day. In the end, we had to book a flight home with WestJet. There was no one in the airport who could explain our options to us or help us get home on time. It would have been nice to have had some one with answers, as we were given none. We were herded back through customs for a couple of hours and when we finally got out of the airport, I still had the courtesy to tell one of them that we would not be leaving on the flight or staying at the hotel.
Now while I like the color scheme on exterior of aircraft the rest of the experience does little for representing Air Canada. I am tired of these "low cost" airlines by the main stream airline. Those had to be some of the most uncomfortable seats we have had to endure. Window and aisle going over and middle section back YVR-HNL-YVR. In fact the middle seats were better with room. The inflight entertainment system is a joke even as I knew to download the app on my iPad but the movies and all others were old "vintage" movies from 10-20 years ago! I will do my utmost to avoid Rouge in future even for my "leisure" travel. Friends of ours were stuck in Barcelona for 9 hours due to a aircraft issue in June 2015 and co-worker was stuck in HNL for same amount of time due to same reason, I see in thread this seems to be a recurring theme (maybe the aircraft are getting to old that have been taken off the main line of AC to support Rouge). The inflight crew seemed over whelmed and those uniforms are ugly. The service was slow and I had to remind several times I pre-purchased in flight food. When I fly AC main line they seem to know by my seat assignment and mention it to me.
I have traveled to Europe many times. This was the worst flight I have been on. The seats were extremely cramped and uncomfortable on an 11 hour flight. The person behind me had their knee in the small of my back. Wine was extra. Service lousy. Entertainment via wifi to your personal tablet with ten year old movies. I got told I couldn't get a extra cup of coffee because we were within an hour of landing.
I travel quite a bit and have been a fairly loyal Air Canada flyer. I don't think I even realised that Rouge was different to regular Air Canada when I booked, but I will never travel Rouge again. The seat space was tiny (if the person in front of you has their seat back and you drop something on the floor, you cannot get it - there is not enough room to bend forward to pick it up - unbelievable). There was no entertrainment system, and the food was terrible. On the way home from Dublin, we were delayed by 14 hours because the plane we were supposed to be on had trouble leaving Toronto and there was no other plane. I guess Rouge does not use other Air Canada planes - we had to wait for a Rouge plane to become free. I will never use Rouge again. The price was no different.
Boeing 767 on the way to Vegas and A319 on the way home. Boeing 767 decent in terms of space. Although we managed to get the exit row so I can't really judge the legroom in the regular seats but ours were great. Width of seats also great. Although we couldn't put our personal item (purse) under the seat so that was kind of a pain. A319 seats are decently sized in terms of width but the pitch is below industry standard. I rode the entire overnight flight with my knees pressed firmly into the back of the seat in front of me. I am only 5' 7". My boyfriend who is 5'10" found the trip excrutiating. The seat only reclines 2" so impossible to sleep. The onboard crews on both our Rouge flights to and from Vegas were excellent - friendly, helpful and pro-active. On the way back when trying to load this flight which was supposed to be done on a larger Boeing 767-300ER they anticipated the difficulty they would have with carry-on bags because there was significantly less room and dealt with it brilliantly. The check in folks in Toronto were terrible. Cranky and super unhelpful. We asked where to take our bags to check them and were dismissed with an "over that way". Well over that way was about a quarter mile down to the other end of the airport where there were no signs to guide us. We had to pay $25 for each checked bag which is ridiculous. If we had paid for a much more expensive seat we could have taken up to 2 bags free. Seriously you can't even take one suitcase for free because we're flying economy? There was no meal on the flight unless your were in Premium Rouge. We could purchase food onboard which was okay. There was a decent selection and the prices were reasonable. But again, seriously, not even a free snack on a 4 hour + flight? The planes had no in-flight entertainment except for streaming video to their app. This was okay but selection was terrible. All outdated movies and tv shows and not good classics.  I'm not sure what our fare paid for. We weren't paying for a comfortable seat, for space for our baggage, food or entertainment. It seems like we paid to be uncomfortable, annoyed and bored. Why is it that basic things like having enough leg room so your legs are smashed into the seat in front of you or having a snack on a long trip is only for luxury passengers? Even when the flight is purchased entirely with aeroplan points it's not worth it. 
I will never fly Air Canada again. Before boarding, they warned us the toilet was inoperable. (Short flight, about 1.5 hours, so this is no big deal). While boarding, we had to leave our rollerboard "carry-on's" on the jetway, since the plane is too small to store them anywhere - the overhead bin is big enough for a laptop or purse. After boarding, we learned the air conditioning was half broken. I have never before been somewhere so hot and humid. Once we landed, we got to wait outside in the rain for our "carry-on" bags for 20 minutes, and several of us almost missed international connections because of this delay. In summary: no toilet, no air conditioning, and no carry-on bags.
I booked Air Canada via United website and had no idea that the flight leg from Montreal to Rome was Rouge. It was not identified on any communication. I had never heard of Rouge and I did not pay a discounted price. The experience was horrible. Hard, uncomfortable seats. No entertainment for international flight is unheard of in this day and age. They ran out of food selections and what was left was hardly edible. The worst part was the plane smelling of urine the minute one entered the cabin. Never again.
I returned to Canada from Lima Peru on an Air Canada Rouge flight that left Lima at 2.15 am. Air Canada's flight arrival and departure times to Lima have always been inconvenient-arriving in Lima well after midnight, if the flight is on time, and departures for the return flight to Toronto leaving Lima at around 2 am. I returned to Canada from Lima on Air Canada in April. For my June flights regular Air Canada economy service is no longer available, only Rouge. Rouge is simply awful, unacceptable. The seats in Air Canada Rouge economy are the worst I have experienced in more than 40 years of international flying. They are narrow, with limited leg room and thin padding. The flight to Lima was bearable as I didn't try to sleep. The flight back was intolerable. Falling asleep in the seat resulted in back problems. I will not take Air Canada Rouge in the future if I can possible avoid it. There is no regular inflight entertainment system, the food was awful, although not necessarily worse than normal economy, and drinks cost extra. For entertainment you can supply your own mobile device and use the inflight service, if you don't have a device you can rent an ipad for $10. The Rouge Premium seats at the front appeared to be marginally superior to economy but come at a steep price differential. To be fair, the crew did their best, although the pilot gave little information with respect to the flight. Never again.
This will be my last flight with Air Canada Rouge. We upgraded to premium, that was a joke, 9 hours of discomfort, crowding, childish flight attendants, poor food and overall the worst flight I have been on. I have always flown Air Canada due to the part of the country we live in (other airlines are unavailable) so it would appear that I either stay home or drive to a larger center to obtain seats on another airline. 
Flew from Athens to Toronto on June 11th.  We think this is probably the worst airline we have flown.  None of the overhead reading lights worked so reading wasn't an option.  We were never I formed prior to boarding that we needed to download an app for entertainment and there is no connectivity on there is no connectivity after
boarding.  Not to mention the cramped seating and lack of leg room.  I can't say enough about never flying this carrier again.
We recently took an Air Canada Rouge flight from Athens to Toronto, and once was enough: Never Again. The service was friendly and efficient, and the pilot updated us regularly on arrival info and turbulence, but there were few other positives. The seats were very cramped and uncomfortable. There were no individual monitors for entertainment, instead, passengers have to use their electronic devices or rent an I-Pad. Since my husband and I don't use electronic devices, we went old school and read whatever magazines we happened to bring with us. The food on board was terrible-worse than other food we've had on airlines. And AC Rouge charges for beer, wine, etc. All this for a price that isn't any better than other options. Next time, we'll go with the other options.
We flew from Toronto to Vegas in conditions that can only be equated to a cattle car.  I am 5' 7 and my knees were pressed into the seat in front of me and the gent behind me had his knees in my back for 5.5 hrs!  There is no way to stretch your legs or move comfortably at all. My husband and I got off the plane aching and cramped from the deplorable conditions. It is obvious that AC cares for nothing but their bottom line, and I would sooner pay more and suffer layovers than ever fly with them again. Oh and the $60 bag fee each way was an especially nice touch.
Just flew round trip Toronto to Bahamas on Rouge. I'm only 5'8" and couldn't believe how cramped I was. The passenger in front of me reclined his seat a bit and I could not do the same because the passenger behind me was working on her laptop. I briefly moved to business class which was almost empty but that didn't last long. I managed to watch a movie on my iPad which was okay but the selection was weak and dated. It got me there and got me back but neither flight was sold out and two more rows made it very uncomfortable for all. I couldn't imagine an overnight flight on this carrier.
Flew AC Rouge to and from Curacao from Toronto May 21st and May 28th. I would like to echo everybody else's sentiments about just how small the seats are. I'm 5'2 and found it to be a very cramped space. I cannot imagine how uncomfortable it must be for a much taller person. The headrest is useless. When the seat in front of me was reclined it was approximately a foot away. On both flights I found the planes to be very clean and the cabin crew very professional making several cabin walks throughout the flight. I used my Ipad and managed to find a couple movies to watch using the app. There didn't seem to be anything current available the movies I watched were released in 2008 and 2010. The food was your typical airline food no better or worse than I've had on other airlines. The afternoon flight to Curacao left on time and arrived on time. The return flight was approximately 9 hours late departing at midnight. Trying to get some rest in these seats is an impossible feat. This is the main reason I give my overall trip satisfaction a 2 rating. Although I'm used to paying for food and alcohol on flights I was completely taken aback to be charged for a sandwich after a 9 hour delay. I guess that's AC for you. As for if I would travel AC Rouge again possibly during a daytime flight if the cost was significantly less than a regular airline. If it were a red eye I would pay to upgrade or choose another airline to fly with.
Toronto to Varadero and back. It is unbelievable how much they are willing to test the patience of their travelers. I'm only 5'5 and I found the seats to be extremely cramped. I could barely handle the 3.5 hour flight - I don't know how people handle a 7-8 hour flight. While the staff were helpful and friendly I was shocked that you have to pay for food and alcohol pay for a blanket and pay for on board entertainment. Why are we moving backwards. I remember the time when there used to be one large screen for an entire section then we progressed to individual entertainment systems and now we aren't back to square one - but we have regressed! If you are going to start cutting corners like this then at least reduce the airfare! What is Air Canada thinking? Never again.
My wife and I and friends just flew Montreal to Las Vegas return with them. I am a large man with long legs I fit in a normal seat width-wise but I cannot pretzel my legs sufficiently to deal with the lack of legroom. Because of this I reserved and paid extra for one of the extra-legroom seats on the emergency door seat 18F to be exact. Air Canada Rouge happily accepted my money and emitted the corresponding receipt but on obtaining my boarding pass I discovered I had been reassigned to 15A which on boarding the plane I discovered was a normal "meat packer" seat while someone else had been given 18F. It turns out that their business practice is to sell those seats to anyone but they only actually assign them to passengers at the check-in counter. To avoid a repeat we showed up for our return flight 10 minutes before the check-in counter opened. We were first in line yet my reserved and paid for extra-legroom seat had already been assigned to someone else. This is shoddy way to do business. I can understand that seats on the emergency aisle should only be assigned to passengers who will be able to help if they are called upon to operate the emergency door (something which I am perfectly able to do) and therefore should only be assigned at check-in but that being the case why allow someone to pay for and reserve one in advance when the reality is that they are assigned on a first come first serve basis by the staff at the check-in counter?
May 18 2015. Barcelona to Toronto. Forced to take Rouge from Air Canada since that's what they use. Cancelled the non-stop flight on the Sunday and moved us to the Monday non-stop. Had to come on the Sunday so ended up going by way of Montreal. Was charged an additional $90 for seats with some leg room. No entertainment on a 9 hour flight. If you wanted to see something you either had your own tablet etc. or you can get an I-pad from them for $10. Food was so-so. Check in counter at Barcelona Airport was a disaster. They don't have kiosk where you can check in and print your boarding passes and luggage tags. After about an hour in line I was finally able to check in on line and proceed to the separate line to check your bags. 4th in line took 25 minutes. By the time we finally got through all the lines (Security & Immigration) we had 20 minutes to run to the gate. By the way the airport was in total disarray and major staff shortages for the thousands that were in the terminal. Everyone was being fed into 2 lines at each point. Almost had to take the Monday flight after all.
Flew YVR-OGG (Maui) return this month with my husband (6') while I am 5'4". We had seats 42H and 42K. On the outward bound flight the air was blasting so much I was frozen and to make matters worse I was suffering with a pinched nerve in my neck. I was unable to put my head at the correct height on the head rest for any support as I am too short to reach it. I couldn't lean against the window (even though I had my own pillow and a special neck support collar) as there was a gap which my pillow would fall through. The return flight was even worse starting with check in at the airport. If you haven't done web check-in which isn't always possible while on holiday you have to wait in line while those people who have take their baggage to the agents. They had 3 lines one for priority one for web check-in and one for everyone else. There were 4 desk agents dealing with passengers. The flight was a red-eye and I was prepared for the blasting cold air but my husband had to borrow my scarf to cover his face and head because he was freezing. The flight crew tried hard but they are really not very professional. I never used the inflight entertainment option because using and iPhone or iPad was not something I could do with my neck issue. I had no idea when I made my reservation that there was no seat back entertainment. That has always been one of the Air Canada pluses - they have great movies. The only thing I can is the flights were on time both ways but that is no excuse for this poor show. What is Air Canada thinking? I have always flown them by choice and supported them. Their regular airline is great and their overseas business class for Europe is my first choice all things considered. I will never fly Air Canada Rouge again.
Had a bad experience on the flight from Athens to Toronto on 5/24/2015. The service was slow no entertainment information prior to flight. 13 hours on the flight and had to movies TV shows because you need an Air Canada App to be able to view. Food was horrible and it was the first flight overseas by a major carrier that we had to pay for wine or any alcoholic beverages. But the biggest disappointment was the service of the staff. Never again will I spend the money to fly this airline.
No onboard entertainment unless you've downloaded their app (good luck finding that). Horrible seating I'm 5'4"' and my knees were jammed into the seat in front. I got massive leg swelling because there is no room to stretch your legs. Service is non-existent - you have to go to the back to even get water from the attendants. Food beyond awful. Lunch was a pasta with no sign of veggies a bread roll something that was supposed to be a potato salad with 1 olive on top and little sign of potato and a cookie. 4 carbs no fruit and no veg? This was advertised as a Lufthansa flight operated by Air Canada it wasn't a discount fare and we didn't know it was a Rouge flight until we boarded. Never again! Shame on you Air Canada! These flights were Lufthansa 6625 May 10 and Lufthansa 6624 May 24. Wonder if Lufthansa knows that AC is destroying its reputation with this dreadful service.
Flew from Toronto to Lima. Flight was a half an hour delayed which is ok. Very little leg room. We requested vegetarian meals which were frozen when they arrived on our seats something that I think is unacceptable. Flight attendants did not speak Spanish which again is unacceptable when all other airlines flying to South America have staff that can speak Spanish. Definitely a downgrade from Air Canada for the same amount of money. Finally there is no entertainment system except for the Air Canada app which features a handful of old movies again very much downgraded product from Air Canada.
I used Rouge to fly from Toronto to Tampa and i was shocked what horrible leg room there was. The Cabin crew had nice uniforms however the service was rude and slow. The crew just assumed everyone was discount flyers who were used to horrible conditions. I will never fly this airline again. There should be some minimum standards for leg room and this airline does not meet that standard. The inflight entertainment was 5 years out of date but at least it worked to my laptop.
I flew from Montreal to Athens. Although the flight arrived on time the 9 hours in the plane were a nightmare. Seats extremely small staff inexperienced and rude food horrible entertainment non-existent cabin dirty and smelly and they charge extra for things such as a simple glass of wine. I will never fly with Rouge again.
Took AC Rouge to/from Toronto-Las Vegas (Business class). Returned today May 18th. Flights left/arrived on time. Outbound crew was attentive professional and personable. Inbound team was 'average'. Ran out of 'healthy' food choice (despite the fact that bus class passengers paid higher fares). Massive confusion on the return flight (5 people booked in same seat). Biggest problem (as is often the case with Air Canada): baggage (again return flight). Passengers with checked luggage were sent to the wrong carousel and waited nearly 1 hour before a passenger located the correct one - with no help explanation or apology from Air Canada ground staff. Tight seating even in Bus. class. Free iPad with higher fare (my husband used one I didn't) with good in-flight entertainment.
Air Canada are a disgrace. Flew from Vancouver to London. I was astounded at how little leg space there was for passengers and I'm short myself (5'6). It is simply impossible to get out of your seat if somebody is asleep. It is simply inhuman to put people into such cramped conditions for nearly nine hours. I don't know how they are allowed to get away with this. Are there no regulations governing minimum legroom on aircraft. You wouldn't transport animals like this.
Flight 835 MCO-YYZ. Flew on them a few months back and I must say I was not impressed. Reading all the other reviews I assume that all the good ones were written by people shorter than 5'5. With its cool new cabin layout and the stylish cabin attendant uniforms it could easily be someone's favorite airline but with the drastic decrease in leg room I cant see myself flying them again. There was so little leg room I had to sit in the bathroom for the last hour of the flight. I am never flying them again not until Rouge goes belly up and the regular Air Canada flights start coming back to the Bahamas.
Flew Toronto-Athens May 10. On the plus side the flight left and arrived on time. The in-flight experience was horrible. Seat pitch is so tight that my husband and I (5'5" and 5'4") were very cramped. No entertainment unless you have their app otherwise you have to rent an iPad for $10. They don't tell you in advance that you need the app. No service for the first 2 hours in the air then they came around with soft drinks never came round with these again. The only after-dinner choices were coffee tea or water. Food was awful. Neither of our overhead lights worked and my switch worked the light for the lady at the end of our 3-seat row. I've flown discount airlines before but have never felt as I did on this that I was an inconvenience. I will never fly Rouge again I didn't know when I booked the flight that it was a Rouge one - I will double-check in future. Air Canada has lost me as a customer.
We had a May 10 premium economy booking from Athens to Toronto at 13.00 in the afternoon. At 9.30 that morning we received a cryptic message from Air Canada apologizing for the flight disruption. We telephoned Toronto to find out that in actuality it had been cancelled due to 'overcrowded airspace'. We were fortunate enough after two phone calls to be able to rebook through London. It was simply listed as 'delayed' and as we boarded outer London flight at 1.30 it was still listed this way. They were as it tip urns out eventually rolled over to the next day 13.00 flight. This is not right not to have informed us all about the flight being cancelled. I do not think I will attempt a Rouge flight again.
Trip was from Dublin to Toronto to Vancouver and back to London all on Air Canada. In trying to bypass London on the way out we were booked on the first ever flight of Rouge from Dublin. It was several hours late food was awful staff were snipey leg room was non existent and there was no entertainment. My biggest complaint is that despite multiple correspondences with Rouge and Air Canada I have not had one word from them other that to say 'it's my own fault for not realising how bad it would be'. I have to make the same trip again shortly and am exploring every possible way of doing it without any flights on Rouge or Air Canada. This is very sad since I am a Canadian Citizen. Rouge should take note thousand's of people (who are complaining) are not idiots - time you wised up.
I purchased exit row seats ($20 seat selection + $60 "preferred" seating + taxes each way = $168) for my round trip Toronto-San Diego. I was mighty glad to have the exit row window seat on my outbound flight - even so I felt squished in like a sardine and had to keep my left arm folded over so as to keep the intimacy between myself and the poor man squished in/overflowing from the middle seat next to me from becoming completely indecent for 5+ hours. I checked in online for my inbound flight the night before but it was only when I got to the airport yesterday to check my bag that I discovered I no longer had preferred seating. In Air Canada's defence they advised that they had changed aircraft and the people that had bulkhead seats were given the exit row seats. So where did that leave me? In a middle/centre seat. Right beside the seat I had paid for. The fairly generous 4-star rating of the AC Rouge staff below was for the flight attendants only who were pleasant. Air Canada's motto should be "We take the Service out of Customer Service". Ground staff were completely nonchalant about the fact that I no longer had the seat I paid for. Oh and don't forget to download the AC app before you fly or you won't have any inflight entertainment. Well unless you rent one of AC's iPads.
I flew what you call business-class on Air Canada rouge from Montreal to Las Vegas had I known that the entertainment was a simple iPad or that seats were so small that a midget would find it tight or that the seats were made so hard that it felt like a piece of plywood and would hardly reclined never to say that their service was lousy for all these great reasons I would recommend everyone never to use Air Canada rouge.
I flew YVR to LAX (Airbus). Flight attendants were rude told me they couldn't help me put my carry on bag in the overheard compartment. I had to stomp on my bag for it to even go between my seat and the seat in front. Being the in window seat I was now stuck in my seat and am stuck with my bag half under the seat in front of me and half not with straps tangled at my feet. There was trash (used napkins/newspaper) in the pocket where the normal TVs would go. I am 5'4" and my knees was almost touching the seat in front. I took out my laptop in hopes to stream the inflight entertainment pulled down the tray table and realized my laptop did not fit the table. Drinks came around and I had to deny my free drink because I had no room to put the drink down or to move or juggle a drink and a laptop. To my dismay my efforts of getting into a working seat position my streaming froze so I gave up and decided to take a nap. But a nap was impossible as they left all their cabin lights on for a 8.30pm-11.15pm flight and I was beginning to have a headache from the light. I had to wait until everyone was off the plane so I could shimmy my bag out from under the seat and slide it out from the window seat to the aisle. Flew a US airline on the way back and it was paradise compared to AC Rouge. If you really do wish to fly rouge I would personally pack an ipad mini that is already loaded with movies an eye mask and sports tape or ice/heat pack for your knees. Heck even bring a cushion because those seats are not comfortable whatsoever but that said cushion may also compromise with what little space you already have. And for goodness sake be kind don't recline your seat.
April 19 AC 1838 YYC-PHX. Return on April 24 AC1839 PHX-YYC. The seat pitch is horrible! I am only 5' 4" and felt squashed! I can't imagine how my husband would have fit had he been flying with me. I will not fly this airline again. I flew Calgary to Phoenix. Had no choice if you want to fly Air Canada to Phoenix you must fly Rouge.
We boarded the plane expecting the worst. It was the same as any other discount carrier for the most part. The seats were average. My husband is 6'3 and we usually try to get exit row seats. It seems that on Rouge the exit row is considered premium seating and is an extra $250ish per person! His knees were hitting the seat in front of him but that's to be expected. We were really disappointed with the entertainment situation. The app that you are to download doesn't work for android. It will play music but no movies or TV shows. There are plugs between the seats which is nice but they are on the ground and we couldn't actually reach them because the seats were so cramped. Charging for checked luggage has made most people use carry-on which means that there isn't enough room for all the bags in the cabin. All the reasons that we used to like Air Canada are gone. We will not be flying Rouge again.
While I am 6'4" I am hardly a giant and I cannot sit in the seats without my knees pushing into the seat in front. I was not informed at booking that it was a Rouge flight but I will avoid at all costs. I do not mind stripping amenities to reduce cost but making the seats so awful is ridiculous. What is this an airline for ants?
April 18 2015 HNL-YVR was delayed 4 hours which I've since learned is quite normal for Rouge. Passengers in the waiting lounge mentioned getting "roughed" previously to which all say "this won't happen again done with Rouge". Seats are horrible cabin temp uncomfortable lights stayed on for entire flight food non-existent in any form inflight entertainment dates back to 80's and flight attendants lacking in training and experience. This Low Cost Experiment by AC is a failure.
Have flown Rouge several times. The biggest issue in my opinion is seat pitch. I have been in Rouge and Rouge Plus. I won't fly with them if Rouge Plus is not available (only six seats on an A319). It also means they aren't much of a discount carrier if you have to add $40+ per seat in addition to the already higher fares. I am based in Halifax so a connection is the norm for me anyway. This makes the US carriers more attractive. Increase the seat pitch and a lot of the complaining will go away.
We flew rouge from YUL to Las Vegas on April 19th 2015 (flight 1855) and I was pleasantly surprised. Plane left late but not too bad and crew was wonderful. I would have recommended it to anyone but on the way back April 23rd (flight 1856) it was a scene from a high school musical. The flight attendants could not have been more self absorbed teenagers. Worst on board service in my 47 years of flying. They were talking in the back for 4.5 hours. I couldn't even get a glass of water. Air Canada Rouge should have 1 older flight attendant that can get them to do some work.
When we booked our flight it said nothing about it being Rouge as opposed to Air Canada. Needless to say we were extremely disappointed when we found out as we opted not to pack our Ipad and it's the only way to access inflight entertainment without paying. Our family's seat assignment on the way had one of us in front of the bulk head while the other three of us were behind it (which was not so bad). Even worse - almost everyone on the flight back was given seats one behind the other. Our 6 year old was given a seat by herself! Everyone in the plane had to jockey their seats to be with the people they were actually traveling with. Ridiculous to say the least. This is not the first time we fly AC Rouge (both economy and premium economy) and none of the experiences have been great. It's not the staff as they are very friendly and accommodating its the actual aircraft. Terrible!
Ranked one of the worst airlines in the world easy to see why. I've flown Rouge once and I'll never do it again. 29" seat pitch (distance from seat to seat front to back) caused serious pain for myself and several other average-sized men on the plane. I can't imagine what would happen to someone who's actually tall. Talking to the Flight Attendants even they hate being on these planes as they put it "it's a non-stop stream of unhappy passengers". Avoid Rouge at all costs.
AC 1892 22/1/15. AC 1891 26/1/15. Had to sit sideways with my legs in the aisle for a 3 hour flight from Toronto to Tampa. If I hadn't had an aisle seat I would have had to get off I just didn't fit. I'll never fly them again.
We were on Air Canada Rouge flight from Toronto to Cuba and return flight was same. We are very disappointed with our flight experience with Rouge. No leg room no complimentary meals or beverages. Staff did their best to keep customers well served. There is more leg room in the Dash 8 that we took from Toronto to Timmins than the 319 we had from Toronto to Cuba. In the Future will make every effort to book with other airlines instead of with Rouge.
We were put on the AC1845 booked through Expedia the portion from Whitehorse to Vancouver was fine then AC Rouge to Phoenix made me think twice about ever flying again. On return we flew United to SFO great plane lots of leg room comfortable. SFO to Vancouver was a nightmare my knees still hurt and while I have never been an AC fan Rouge was the final straw. Nice looking uniforms does not a comfortable flight make. We were cramped no room for carry on. Almost claustrophobic temp hot seat lumpy and wedged between back and my knees. I am 6.1 could barely stand up after flight. I like the configuration United had 1st class then a number of rows with more space a number of rows with less leg room and then standard economy for the little people. I would be happy to pay a little more for the extra leg room or I may just drive the next time.
I flew Air Canada Rouge Toronto to Phoenix. I'm 5' 11 and had no legroom at all legs were tight for two days after. On the way back I upgraded my seat to row 4 right behind 'first class' get more room. Room was a bit better for and extra $40 but the flight attendant in first class was unbelievable. 5 of 18 seats were empty but she would not allow for anyone to take a pillow for use - this was a red eye flight. She actually reached over the seat from empty row 3 and pulled it from the window seat passenger and then woke up his wife to take the one she was using. Then she was rude about it when asked why. Inflight entertainment was awful- besides inconsistent connection- many had it reset several times- the content was bad. Bad leg room bad service and bad inflight entertainment. I'll never fly Rouge again.
YUL-HOG HOG-YUL 4/11 Apr 2015. We flew this leg same time last year (2014) and that flight was a "real" Air Canada flight not Rouge. This flight was a shock. I am 6'5" so used to being a bit cramped on aircraft but ACR take it to a new level. The leg room is appalling I read about going long-haul to Edinburgh on this airline and would not consider it as 4 hours to Cuba was more than enough. The inflight entertainment was a waste of time the meals offered seemed pretty poor but the worse of all of this flight was the seating comfort. Future flights to Cuba will be with WestJet - AC have lost me as a frequent flier if this kind of cost cutting is their "new" business method.
March 27 AC1794. Most uncomfortable trip I took. Would rather stay home than travel with Air Canada Rouge. I am only 5 feet 10 and I could not move in the plane. I had to get up many time just to stretch.
We flew on Air Canada Rouge last month from Toronto to Phoenix return. While this was our first experience with Rouge having had tremendous negative feedback about the very limited leg room my husband and I decided to upgrade to preferred seating before we left on our trip. The preferred seating was better than the regular seating for sure. However while we paid $160 extra to upgrade our seats our boarding zone did not change. This meant that we boarded the aircraft last because our reservation was booked using points. When we actually did board the aircraft the overhead bins near our row were all full. It seems reasonable to me that when a person upgrades to preferred seating at an additional cost they should board right after business class passengers and before regular seating. Until Air Canada discontinues the practice of having passengers pay for their one checked bag onboard storage space will continue to be a huge problem. When I paid extra to have preferred seating I would have expected preferred service!
We have just returned from our eighth trip from Toronto to Grenada. This was our first trip on Rouge. The plane was the Airbus 319. The flights have left us scarred. There is no legroom and on a 5.5 hour flight no complimentary meal. We did download the Air Canada app for inflight entertainment but didn't find anything current or worth watching. This was our worst inflight experience ever! When I went online to understand the Rouge economy seat pitch (measurement of legroom) it does not mention it and I now understand why. There were 118 seats in the economy section and there may have been 5 empty seats at most based on what I saw. There were 2 stewardesses which I believe contravenes the 50 passengers to 1 stewardess legislation. Also there were only 2 toilets for the 2 crew in economy and all of the economy passengers. When a crew member had to wash their hands the washroom was the only place to do it. I would not call this "leisure" flying. Unfortunately for us this will be our last trip to Grenada unless the carrier changes or they re-fit the planes. Everyone at the resort we talked to was complaining about Rouge. The only positive thing I can say is the crew were very pleasant and helpful and I pity them because so many people were unhappy with the cramped quarters. Some men were actually sitting sideways for the entire flight because there was not enough legroom. Never again!
Trip consisted of two flights Winnipeg to Vancouver and from Vancouver to Maui. The shorter flight from Winnipeg to Vancouver was onboard an Embraer 190. In economy there was adequate room to sit you could lower the table tray and if the person in front of you tilted their seat back it did not hit you in the face. The entertainment system the same one that has been used by Air Canada for a number of years provided a number of new or relatively new Hollywood movies. Once on the Rouge flight from Vancouver to Maui that all changed. The plane was a 767-300 which they have crammed more seats in over the regular 767-300. The seats seem thinner and more upright. My knees were touching the back of the seat in front. They have moved away from providing screens in the seat back facing you instead you have to provide your own screen a tablet laptop phone etc. Then you have to make sure you have loaded their“app”to play any content. Movies TV shows etc are broadcast via wifi. The older system on the first plane had four times the selection. Unlike the older system which is available even before the flight takes off this one was not online until about 40 minutes after we were in the air. On a flight that long a single charge on a devices battery is not going to last. When checking in for the flight home also Rouge from Maui to Vancouver I opted to upgrade the seats to ones promoted as having more legroom. Seats in the emergency aisle were advertised as such. For addition $60 per seat I selected them. More legroom was a lie. These were the seats right behind the toilets so even though there was more space between my knees and the wall in front of me there was nowhere to stretch my feet out whatsoever. There was no power outlet available. Being right by the toilets there was constant traffic and often unpleasant smells. I have been on overnight flights with Air Canada before a few times and always in the past to help make the passengers more comfortable and improve the odds of sleeping pillows and blankets were offered. Well on this Rouge flight none were offered and as the cabin did grow cooler and I inquired about them I was told that they were available for purchase! In all credit to the crew they just gave me a small one. The crew were friendly and helpful the plane itself looked long in the tooth. I have patronized Air Canada and chose them over other airlines for over 30 years but will I continue to do so? With this kind of service I don't think so.
We just completed round trip Toronto to Phoenix on AC Rouge - terrible! Seats are very small service is minimal boarding very slow because too much overhead baggage is allowed for first passengers on board. We stood in the jetway for more than 20 minutes waiting for staff to sort out baggage - unnecessary! Just enforce your own rules. A very poor alternative to reg. AC service. - bring it back please!
I did not know that our flight from Phoenix to Calgary was Rouge. I had been warned about it and was not impressed. I dropped something and was not able to pick up because there was no room. My husband's knees were pressing the seat in front. The flight attendants were serious. It was difficult for people to use their iPads. Not a pleasant experience and will not use it again.
Flew San Diego - Toronto route on Rouge. When I got in my seat literally had to get claustrophobia under control and I am not normally claustrophobic. Took out my laptop to watch a movie and the person ahead put their seat back and in the process almost wrecked the computer screen. Absolutely no room for a computer. There was no room for my legs had to sit with them crosswise. Measured the distance between seats the width of my eyeglasses plus two inches. Service was fine but my knees were so sore on landing it was almost a half hour before I could walk without pain and again I usually don't have sore knees. Fine to cut costs but you still have to leave room for the passengers please! Always loved and flew Air Canada but will avoid Rouge whenever possible and will now consider other carriers.
Appalling trip to Phoenix. Even at 5'6 my knees were crushed against seat ahead. No inflight entertainment endless queues for the two tiny bathrooms - for 120+ people? People lined up the length of the plane leaning on everyone's back rest as they waited to gradually make their way to a coveted toilet! My ill son needed a wheelchair to meet our flight in Toronto. Message didn't get through and we waited endlessly as crew asked us to leave the plane. Frequent flyer points be damned. Hello Westjet.
I just returned from Maui flying the only Air Canada option - Rouge. Never again if I can possibly avoid it even after being a dedicated AC client for over 25 years. If I was 5 foot 6 inches or smaller it might have been somewhat okay comfort wise. No in flight entertainment and nice but inexperienced attendants. Obviously a strategy to operate at a low cost but fairs do not correlate. Very disappointed.
I am a 75k elite member on Air Canada routes I would normally have flown Air Canada on I will switch to WestJet or a US airline. Great way to loose loyal customers Air Canada. I had to change a flight that now routed me through LA to Vancouver the last leg on Rouge. The seats were so uncomfortable and perhaps the tightest fit I have experienced when not in a private prop plane. I will never fly Rouge again and think about no longer flying with Air Canada.
The A319 was nicely appointed clean and lavatory serviced nicely. The crew are often the brunt of criticism but on this flight (3/16 YYZ-PHX) I couldn't praise the crew more. They were attentive two beverage passes and light meal cart and regular trips down the aisle with water for this 5 hour flight to PHX. Although young they seemed like they are really grasping the job and did so like other seasoned professionals on the big daddy airline - AC. For a leisure airline there is nothing leisurely about the experience. There is no inflight entertainment to speak of and the seating (oh the reviews about the seating) is absolutely horrible. Please Air Canada do something about the position of the seats - it's too tight! I would recommend Rouge for a trip of 3 hours or less. Do not book Rouge no matter how cheap you think it's going to cost for flights over 3 hours. Toronto to Jamaica - fine Vancouver to Vegas - fine. Otherwise it's an option but not priced well. For the product the price point is still too high. But good work on resolving some of the issues with the flight attendant "kids" that I've heard so much about. Air Canada please listen to me lighten up on the seating provide some fun on board like TV's and turn the product into a fun place to be.
I have been Super Elite on Air Canada for many years but this now comes to an end. The change to Rouge service for popular destinations from Vancouver is the reason. I cannot fit in the economy despite being slim and fit. My legs don't fit!. I flew the business class and it was disgusting. Terrible food and kids providing service. I have switched to Alaska and West Jet as a result. I will also note that the new business class seats on Air Canada long haul service are the worst I have ever experienced. There is no room to extend your legs and the tray is impossible to figure out.
Experienced Rouge for the first time this week while traveling to the US on business. The outgoing flight was late and I missed the connection. Seating is uncomfortable and cramped. There is no seatback entertainment systems and the wireless system has a very limited selection of old material. I don't get the impression that I was paying less for the flights. The leg that I flew on United was much better in terms of comfort and service and being on- time. Since I booked the flights on the Air Canada website in future I will first check to see if there are options on foreign carriers. AC and Rouge can pursue those who occasionally travel on vacation.
I flew from YVR-HNL on March 6th and was assigned the one lonely seat right at the back of the plane in row 51. I asked the gate agent politely if there was any chance he could move me up. He was helpful and moved me up to Row 21 where there was an empty seat. The in-flight entertainment was ok for the 6+ hours flight enough to get me there (because I can't sleep on planes.) I was also starving halfway through the flight but wasn't interested in pay $13.50 for a wrap so shelled out the $4.50 for pretzels and hummus as there was no free snack offered to go with my Diet pop. My flight from HNL-YVR was cancelled. I had checked in online already but when I got to the airport (2 hours before take off) I noticed the lines at the ticket booths were not moving at all and there was an already overall miserable feeling mulling about between the guests. I overheard someone say the flight was cancelled. I never even received a notification regarding this fact until it was close to boarding time. There were already guests checked through bags checked and they were told to come back through security to the ticket booths so they could be assigned a hotel to stay at overnight. Our aircraft never showed up due to "mechanical problems". It wouldn't be departing until the following day at 1.30pm. All connecting flights in Vancouver to my final destination (Winnipeg) would've already been long gone so I would've been stuck with an overnight in Vancouver the following night. I was flying alone however the rest of my family was on a WestJet flight scheduled to leave 15 minutes after my flight was supposed to take off. I asked the lady at the ticket counter what my options were and if she'd be able to help get on the WestJet flight instead. She kept blowing me off telling me there was nothing she could do nor did she seem like she was willing to help me in anyway. The lady at the Westjet counter immediately took all information and got me on the flight with no problems. Needless to say Air Canada Rouge definitely disappointed me big time. No wonder the flight was ridiculously cheap!
Took a flight from Toronto to Las Vegas yesterday. Scheduled departure was 8.40 am. At 9.00 they announced they were a bit behind and a plane was being towed to the gate. 45 minutes later still no plane and an announcement we're delayed to 10.30. At 10.30 an announcement they're still waiting on an aircraft and we can present our boarding pass to a few restaurants in the terminal for up to $10 worth of food and drinks. At 11.30 a plane arrives and we get boarded by 12. At which point they announce that the pilot and co-pilot have logged too many hours and we are waiting on a new crew. The new pilot arrives by 12.30 and tells us our plane was delayed because it had to be tested after getting overnight maintenance. She announces the co-pilot will be there soon. At 1.00 they announce that they need to reboot the computer system and we will be leaving shortly thereafter. By 1.30 the co-pilot and everyone seem accounted for but wait! We now have used so much fuel we need refuelling. We finally got underway at nearly 2.15 after waiting to refuel. This airline is a complete joke. As a Canadian I am embarrassed that they call themselves our national airline. All of these delays occurred after being forced to wait in Pearsons 'cattle pen' lounge for getting into Customs. We finally left at the same time we were scheduled to land. Numerous people on board missed connecting flights but the crew didn't seem to care. As an aside the crew seem very young and inexperienced and not well trained in how to handle these extreme flight delays with customers. If I could assign zero stars I would. The whole process was beyond frustrating I will always choose to fly via other airports and carriers when not forced to take Air Canada for work.
AC 1808 YYZ-SXM Jan 31 2015. AC 1809 SXM-YYZ Feb 21 2015. Having read all the reviews was prepared for the worst. And it was worse than the worst! Yes we were one of those that paid for pods from YYZ to SXM a year in advance only to be rouged. But the lack of any refund for business class airfare difference was moot compared to the horrific service. I felt like I was in an airplane where children were playing flight attendants. Sloppy attire stroppy attitude no respect  ridiculous service. Lets not even talk about the antiquated offerings on the iPad. I like Air Canada proper but when booking future flights will avoid the "red check mark" indicating a flight operated by rouge. West Jet you have earned new clients for our yearly trips to Anguilla via SXM!
We recently flew from Honolulu to Vancouver on the red eye - not because we chose a red-eye but unless we flew to Alberta we did not have a choice! This was easily the worst flight my husband and I have been on. The same issues noted on previous reviews existed - cramped seats old shows/movies minimal cabin service inconsistent temperature aisle space must only barely meet standards reading lights not working (quote from an attendant "working reading lights are not an airline safety requirement" which was the response I got when I finally tracked down 2 attendants who initially both said they would check out why the lights weren't working or get me a mobile reading light and who never got back to me). We have decided to use our remaining Aeroplan miles on non- Air Rouge flights and then book with Westjet or US airlines for future trips. In addition to our recent negative experience another consideration to drop Air Canada was an Air Canada employee on a previous interaction said that no one likes Air Rouge but do not expect Air Canada to make any changes. Why would one stay with an airline who doesn't value their economy customers. AC would have to make some significant improvements to show that they actually care about customers to have me even consider flying with them in the future!
I'm sitting at the airport waiting for rouge 1849 to leave. It was supposed to leave at 6.20 its now 7.15 and everybody is milling around the Rouge desk waiting to see what will happen. Typical AC.
I had no idea what Air Canada Rouge was until after I had booked. We found a good deal online from YVR to HON for spring break so booked. Flight was on time leaving YVR and aircraft seemed clean and tidy but seats were a bit cramped in terms of leg room and elbow room. The flight attendants were all very friendly and bubbly as one would expect from new grads - I liked the attempt to look trendy with the uniforms. What was disappointing though for my two young children was that there was no in-flight entertainment. It would have been helpful to know that one needed the iPad app ahead of time. Also disappointing the lack of good available - you would think Mac and cheese would be the obvious to stock up on this flight. What was extremely disappointing was to find out the day of checkout was that our 10.15pm flight had been delayed by 4 hours. What was even more aggravating was to find out through 3 further emails that our flight was delayed even more. The final straw that broke the camel's back was to check in and then find out that our flight would be delayed 7.45 hours. So here I am sitting in Honolulu airport writing this in frustration at 4am because I can't sleep and have two exhausted children on hand. Had we known this earlier we would have just booked a hotel room. What I find insulting is the airline's idea of compensation for this is $10 meal vouchers - what a slap in the face. On top I find it ironic that the airline is 7.45hours delayed which is just under 8 hours on their website for which they would provide accommodations for. I'm sitting here in the airport probably with 100+ passengers looking as exhausted and frustrated as I am and probably thinking the same thing - never again. As I peruse the Internet wish I found this website earlier as I hear this is not the first time this has happened.
Flight to Tampa from Toronto return in mid-February: 2 adults in "premium rouge" 6 adults (one over age 80) and 6 children in economy. Attendant in Premium was pleasant and helpful food okay but seats very uncomfortable. Economy was hot and stuffy attendant was surly ran out of food to purchase had to pay $60 for iPads for the children. Definitely not recommended for family travel.
I just returned from Honolulu through Vancouver to Calgary. The flight from Vancouver to Honolulu was okay. It was on time and I brought my iPad and had the app downloaded so I could connect to the entertainment system. Although the movie selection and TV selections were pretty old. I'm talking '80s '90s old and those are the ones outside "vintage" selections. Thankfully I found a couple of things to watch. The inflight crew were pretty good to Honolulu and the plane seemed clean. I was in the economy cabin on the way to Honolulu but decided to upgrade to Premium on the way back because I hate late night flights. Thank goodness I did. The return flight from Honolulu to Vancouver was delayed by four+ hours so at least I could go in the United lounge for a few hours. We left Honolulu at 2.30 am so there went my connection to Calgary. The crew in Premium were pleasant but young and inexperienced. One flight attendant was talking at full volume to her co-worker behind the curtain. A) It's the middle of the night and she should be quiet so people can sleep. B) There are things your customers shouldn't hear. Our compensation for the delay was food vouchers (hilarious because the Honolulu airport pretty much closes up after 9 pm - thankfully United's lounge stayed open late for those of us in Premium). The other compensation was a discount code for our next AC flight. Thankfully Air Canada rebooked me in Vancouver for my flight home to Calgary (although the agent made it seem like that was a big deal for them to do) and I wasn't too out of sorts. But from other comments it looks like the Honolulu flight out of Vancouver is delayed regularly. No more Rouge for me unless there are no other options.
I flew AC Rouge Feb 21st to Phoenix and return. We were 1.5 hours late taking off. They said it was because they were waiting for people to get through customs but why should we reward people for being late and punish the people who left on time to get through customs. Rouge's website states you only need to be there 90 minutes before your flight this is wrong you need to be there at least 2-2.5 hours before to get through customs. Arriving late in Phoenix they had us waiting at the wrong carrousel for our luggage and never did tell us. Onboard entertainment is non existent you have to bring your own. The TV and movies on the Rouge app are so old you cannot find anything to watch. On return flight we were 30 min late leaving. Arrival back in Toronto we waited for over 1 hour to get our luggage. I will say that there is one thing they do well. Their booking online their online reminders and online booking for your meals - (just remember you have to show the flight attendant your ticket that you have prepaid for your meal.
We left Calgary on a Rouge flight to Vegas. It was a launch of the new Rouge "service" but it was anything but! There was not enough space to open my book so that I could partake in the only source of entertainment available to me on the flight. I could not download the Air Canada app in time to use my iPad and to rent one would be $10. Paying for all checked luggage coupled with no space entertainment or snacks made for the worst flight of my life!
We flew Air Canada Rouge on a red eye from Honolulu to Vancouver on December 15th. We had booked the flight on Air Canada and were moved to Rouge without consultation. I have always maintained that while the staff on the ground were neither helpful nor happy the staff on the planes were brilliant. This was not true of Rouge. It was reminiscent of flying Ryanair but more expensive. The seats were unbelievable narrow with next to no leg room and I'm only 5'2. The elbow rests were small as well. The lights on each side of the aircraft were not turned off even though it was a red eye. We asked the staff who told us that the lights had to remain on as a safely concern because the reading lights weren't working. We weren't able to get a logical explanation as it seemed absurd that the reading lights would have anything to do with safety. At about 1 am the seatbelt light was turned on and an announcement was made to do up our seatbelts. The staff than walked down waking every covered up customer up to ensure their seatbelts were fastened. While I appreciate the safety factor I question the need to wake up every customer in the middle of the night. They offered water once during the flight. No other drinks were offered unless you wanted to pay. They also came around and offered food for pay; no snacks were offered. We're not sure what they did with all their time. We had spoken to an attendant on a previous flight who advised us that none of the existing crew members had been transferred to the Rouge line and that they were paid less. It showed in every aspect of this flight. We have been flying AC for years despite our but our ongoing problems getting off the ground because we maintained that once in the air Air Canada was excellent. This is not longer true. Our relationship ended on this flight. We will not be flying Air Canada again.
I flew Air Canada Rouge and was appalled at how cramped the seats are. They are narrow and so close to the seat in front I don't know how a tall person could even fit their legs in. Or travel for longer than the 3 hours I did. Not comfortable. The flight attendants were very friendly and competent.
I was legitimately quite concerned flying AC-Rouge from OGG-YVR on an overnight flight this past February. Reviews of dirty planes incompetence and no seat room had me lamenting my end of my vacation (more so) than usual. I am 6"4 most planes have a lack of room for someone of my height. I had built Rouge to be this awful thing after all it's transport how bad could it be. Honestly it wasn't horrid. Granted I had this flight through points I would be furious if it was purchased full fare for business. But as a leisure airline overnight where most passengers are sleeping it did the trick. I did not have a premium seat or exit row. Yes it was tight but I fit in there ok seems to be a theme most flights I'm on have little to no leg room this felt no worse. The entertainment system was moot as it was overnight. Cabin was quiet well served (yes those outfits are idiotic) and I think they know it too. But overall it was not the horrid experience I would have expected.
Toronto - Nassau Sept 23 2014 and Jan 14 2015. AC 1816. Nassau-Toronto Jan 28 2015 AC 1817. First point I'd like to make is that I'm a long-time dedicated Air Canada customer. I fly about once a month on business and 3-4 times a year on leisure. I'm 6'4" - Rouge simply doesn't work. Rouge has managed to reach a new low in comfort. I don't need a lot of extras when I travel just a minimum amount of comfort. Really just boils down to a decent seat and some reasonable legroom. Whenever I travel now I avoid Rouge. Sorry Air Canada you've lost a dedicated customer.
First time flying Toronto to Jamaica with Air Canada rouge and never again will I fly AC Rouge. I will be cancelling my Visa Aeroplan and start using Adventura. The seats were so uncomfortable I had to roll-up my husbands sweater and stuff it behind my lower back. Having to use tablets to view movies etc is a real pain. Trying to eat and view / hold your tablet is difficult. Plus the TV shows are old and movies are old as well. Low budget airline at no discounted cost.
We flew from Vancouver to LA on Rouge. I had no idea what AC Rouge was. I was not particularly looking for a cheap flight just a way to get to Quito Ecuador in a reasonable amount of time. Unfortunately we have to fly back to Vancouver the same way. I will spend 2 days getting to Quito the next time rather than fly Rouge again. The kids attending to the flight were polite but obvious "newbies". The seats were absolutely not acceptable for normal weighted/heighted people. I am not sure my seat even had padding in it at all (I weigh 128 pounds) and my husband's knees were pressed hard against the seat in front of him (he is 6 feet tall). I always feel a little nauseous when travelling and there was no dispenser for air at all. Some of the seats were not aligned so when you put your feet under the seat in front of you you are sitting at an angle. We then switched to Avianca in LA to San Salvador Avianca again to Quito and Tame to Cuenca. What a world of difference! Air Canada needs to look at Avianca and Tame to see how to run an airline and treat their passengers! We will go out of our way to not fly Air Canada Rouge again and we will be telling all of our travelling friends to steer clear of Rouge and Air Canada altogether if at all possible.
Worst Airline I have flown! Flew AC1854 from Las Vegas to Toronto to connect with AC868 to London. Incoming arrived late into LAS. Incompetent gate staff could not facilitate a quick turnaround so late departure. Late arrival at Toronto and then a frozen cabin door meant that we missed out connecting flight to London. Had to wait 10 hours for next flight. On flight there was No inboard entertainment no food cabin crew barely out of school. What a farce! This was booked as a United Airlines flight. Won't make that mistake again.
Quite simply the worst "business class" cabin I have ever had the misfortune of traveling in. "Premium" class seats on Air Canada Rouge are the exact same size as economy class seats. Flight was one hour late and not properly groomed in between flights. Lots of garbage left on plane. Also heard a couple of elderly people complain at the gate that no pre-boarding was being offered. Once airborne service was non-existent. No meal offered on a 5 hour international flight? Again this is supposed to be "premium" class. No blankets. Cabin was freezing. No seat back entertainment iPads were offered that were glitchy and the flight attendant seemed annoyed when I asked for ear buds. I could go on and on. Just a total disaster every step of the way. Air Canada is my airline of choice but avoid Rouge at all costs. I usually only give reviews to companies when it's something positive and the service was remarkable. But Rouge is just remarkably bad. One star.
I had the misfortune of getting placed on Rouge one year ago on a flight from Toronto to Kingston Jamaica and again this year from Orlando to Toronto. I would simply confirm what most passengers have said in these reviews. Cramped odd entertainment system and all around sub par travelling experience. Reading the reviews made me feel fortunate that my flights were under 4 hours. I could not imagine doing a transatlantic or transpacific flight in one of these planes. I plan to be travelling far more in the next few years and this experience has sent me scrambling to explore West Jet Porter or US airlines.
Flew Rouge Toronto to Phoenix 2 days ago. Knew it would be tight but they could put more padding on their seats. After a 5hour flight back was extremely sore. Agree with others the flight attendants appear to have little to no experience. Purchased a business class meal in economy and it took them over 2 hr to collect the tray and plates. My husband had no room on his fold down tray. And when we asked for it to he taken attendant refused. To top everything off because things were so tight we accidentally left our passport holder on the plane and didn't realize until next day. Fortunately got passports back but money was stolen. So try to speak to someone to report the theft and AC states they have no one on the ground in Phoenix as they have a third party. But they don't even have contact numbers to report the theft. Next time will fly either WestJet or Prter with JetBlue.
I have been flying with Air Canada for many years mostly southern destinations. My last flight last week was with Rouge. Small cramped and dirty. Cabin crew in cheap looking uniforms but service was adequate. My major beef is the seating. After 4.5 hours my legs hurt and my back ached. Is this the best Air Canada can do I hope not. Will look into other carriers that are willing to give me my moneys worth it will never be Rouge again.
Flew between Toronto and Samana Dominican Republic - Feb 7-14/15. Yes the seats are extremely cramped and the armrest between my partner and I wouldn't stay up (to allow us a bit of extra room). Heaven forbid the person in front of you reclines. The least they could do is give you a free sandwich on flights over 3.5 hours. Brought my own iPad with ACRouge app downloaded but the content was severely lacking (old old TV shows and movies). But the service was attentive and friendly (both at check-in and on-board) and the flight was on time both ways. Could have been worse.
Toronto to Santa Clara Cuba Feb 20 back Feb 27 2015. Airbus 319. Same trip last year but in B767. That was comfortable compared to this. Okay its the discount airline division of Air Canada. But its still 'Air Canada". On time for both flights. We take our seats in Toronto (BC16) and the folding tray I use is down on the left side. I have to use my arm to stop things from sliding off. Leg room is at its limits. I'm a small guy. No entertainment unless you rent it or carry your own on with you. I listen to audio books I'm good to go. Return trip (AB27) Where did the leg room go. I must have got rid of that tension and gained height or leg length. Sitting squarely in my seat (window) and my knees were at the seat in front of me. The guy in front of me was getting in his seat and the backrest side against the bulkhead looked like it was going to twist off and break from the seat. Each time he moved in his seat which was a lot because he also was uncomfortable. I was getting kicked in the knee with the aluminium crossbar from his seat. From my chest to his seat back was 13-14 inches. Doing some reading from the en-route Magazine and the fleet seating setup. Not quite the vacation memory I would have liked to have had this year Air Canada. My luggage didn't fly home to BC with me to top it all off.
We flew Rouge on Dec 31st to Honolulu and were not impressed. We had originally booked this flight with Air Canada and to our surprise it was changed to Rouge. We thought okay we'll give them a try. The flight crew was very inexperienced which was understandable but they didn't even seem to try to make the passengers feel comfortable. Once we were in the air and they passed through the cabin once we didn't see them again until just before landing. They were slow in loading in the plane in Vancouver and in Honolulu they didn't seem to have clue as to what they were doing. The service on the return trip was even worse than the flight over. I saw several comments about how cold the plane were and how uncomfortable the seats were. We had the premium economy which were the seats with extra leg room and really not much of a bargain but much better than what economy looked like. In the future I'll look for something else than Rouge. I think this is bad idea from Air Canada. WestJet crams their passengers in the seats but at least comes by to see how their doing. Rouge doesn't have the low cost model with the caring attitude.
Flew Air Canada Rouge Toronto to Cancun 4 hour flight that's about all you can take sitting in that little seat the seats are the most uncomfortable seats I have ever experienced if the seat in front of you reclines it feels even worse. The seats are small no inflight entertainment if want you can rent an Ipad which is pre loaded with movies the plane we were on was dated and old. One wash room was out of order. Drinks of water and pop served once during flight. Flight attendants are not very friendly you feel like your bothering them if your asking for a drink of water. Cash call for the airline and no consideration for the people who can only afford economy class tickets. I will never fly Rouge again.
We were originally going to book our vacation package (6 adults 4 kids) through WestJet because Air Canada Vacations did not have a package to the Marina El Cid. The travel agent offered us the option to book our flights with Air Canada then book transfer and hotel separately. We were very happy to choose that option since Air Canada was recommended as "the best". On Feb 18th we flew to Cancun on Air Canada Rouge and will never fly Rouge again. We had a 4.5 hr delay due to mechanical issues. We arrived at the airport at 5.30 am for our 8.30 flight. Between 6.43 am and 7.42 am the departure time changed 4 times. (11.00 12.00 13.30 and finally 13.00). We rec'd a $10.00 food voucher per person which we all know does not get you much in an airport. A sandwich and a drink was min $12.00. Not long after take off my sister in law went to the bathroom and came back to report that it smelt. The inflight entertainment system is a joke. The leg room is so cramped. We did receive a promo code for a discount on a future booking no idea how much of a discount but will probably never use it as it seems that all flights to sun destinations are with Rouge so disappointing. Hopefully when we are ready to book our Feb 2016 family vacation (10-12 people) Rouge will be gone and Air Canada Vacations will be a contender again.
Recently returned from Honolulu to Toronto. Never heard of Rouge before and never want to hear of it again. You would think on an 8.5+ hour international flight that entertainment and meals would be a given without having to purchase. We were not aware there wouldn't be food. We are not big people but have never been so uncomfortable on a flight. Seats were far too close and didn't seem to have any padding. Plane also appeared quite dirty. The staff were neither friendly or unfriendly just seemed to be doing a job (probably hoping they would soon be transferred to the better planes!).
Second time flying Rouge. Air Canada should take their name off of this disaster of a discount carrier as it will kill their overall reputation. Our first trip was with our 2 year old to Florida. Flight was delayed 7 hours with no information as to why. When we got to Orlando we had to wait an addition 3 hours for our bags. This flight is to Cancun. Was supposed to leave at 10 am finally left at 7.30pm. Again no reasons given. Flight was packed and seats were cramped. I could go on and on about all the negatives but Rouge is a disaster. I have always liked Air Canada but Rouge has killed all the goodwill Air Canada had built up with me over the years.
Why would Air Canada put Rouge planes on flights to Phoenix and San Diego when they have almost a monopoly of these flights and always full. Just to give less service. Had booked premium rouge and pre-chose seats. On return they switched my seats so my wife and I were now not together. This is taking care of customers. Avoid Rouge whenever it's possible. I will now fly Alitalia to Italy if AC keeps these old planes on the route.
Seven hour delay and had to camp out in Maui airport that had no services. Filthy aircraft interior small cramped seats only food was what was left on the plane (sushi for breakfast) from the previous trip from Vancouver. Young inexperienced flight attendants inadequate in air entertainment with old movies and TV series no one has ever heard of if you didn't have an iPad and wanted to rent one there aren't enough for the plane no duty free on international flight. Hard to believe that Rouge was created to compete with the likes of Westjet and they missed the mark big time. All the captive popular destinations will be populated with Rouge so the service we are all used to with Air Canada will be gone. I find it hard to believe I'd say that I'd rather fly United now but it looks that way.
We flew home from Los Angeles to Vancouver yesterday and unfortunately had to fly with Air Canada rouge. This was the worst flight I have experienced! There were only three flight attendants for the entire Airbus and no one was over 24 years old! Talk about inexperience! Only one attendant was serving beverages to the economy section and it took a painful two hours to complete! The seats were very uncomfortable and we were unable to get our knees straight in front of us. The back of the seats had no support which made for the most uncomfortable three hour flight! Never again will we use the services of Air Canada.
Flew Vancouver/Honolulu and back on A/C Rouge Jan/Feb 2015. First thing I noticed after boarding was how dirty the aircraft was looked like it wasn't groomed in weeks. Seats were cramped very little cushioning cabin was extremely cold during flight didn't provide blankets or pillows. Will never fly Rouge again I'll spend the extra $$$ and fly with a real airline next time I head to Hawaii.
We were booked home in January 2015 on an Air Canada Rouge flight and charged full points by Aeroplan as per the normal Business Class on Air Canada flights. I do not know how Air Canada can pass off this "Business Class" on their Rouge flight as equal to their normal Business Class accommodation which they offer. Clearly I questioned the Aeroplan representative when told we would fly home on Rouge and was told it is the same as regular Air Canada Business Class although not the pods but with adequate comfort and leg room. To say that the seating was inadequate would be an understatement. We have traveled Air Canada Business Class annually YVR to OGG and have never encountered such sub-standard cramped seating with minimal leg room. My husband and I are tall people this being one of the reasons we choose Business or Executive Class. I was barely able to walk when we finally landed in Vancouver. This type of accommodation can cause a health issue for many people. You charge for Executive Class and provide less than adequate Economy seating. Since 2004 we have travelled to Maui annually and paid the extra Aeroplan points for the comfort of the Business Class. In our estimation we got less than Economy. Most of the Canadians whom we encountered on Maui who had flown Air Canada Rouge Business Class were horrified and the reports we received were of great concern to us. Even though we had been privy to these negative comments we felt that being Air Canada it could not be that unsatisfactory. Therefore based on past experience we embarked upon this flight with open minds. We were quite incorrect it was far worse than anything we could have imagined. This is gross misrepresentation on the part of Aeroplan and Air Canada. If Rouge is the only flight Air Canada is offering between Vancouver and the Hawaiian islands then we will be seeking flights with other airlines in the future. At best it was "Cattle Class" accommodation. I can only imagine the cramped conditions for the people in Economy.
What an embarrassment for Air Canada. I have spent the last 3 or 4 years defending the "new" Air Canada for the quality and safety of travel with them (you know the drill about their "award winning" status). After my family's Rouge experience I am back at square 0. Let me count off the ways Rouge made us see red on our recent trip to Hawaii: 1) highly punishing and inefficient boarding process both in Vancouver and in Honolulu 2) primitive entertainment services 3) a 1980s vintage and obsolete B-767 where essential functions like lighting to read by didn't work 4) hours of discomfort in seats that hinted at promiscuity (that's how close they are to each other front to back and side to side) 5) a Rouge crew that was decidedly green (we figure that this must be a training ground for new Air Canada staff and the perky uniform is decidedly weird). So my family's take is: avoid AC Rouge and go WestJet or take a US carrier even if it costs more.
We got rouged too. What a terrible airline. First off no in-flight entertainment. Unless you knew that prior and downloaded the AirCanadaRouge App to your iPad. If you have $10 you can rent an iPad? The only entertainment you get is watching other passengers painfully adjust in their seats. Even less legroom than any other plane! Are you hot? Well there aren't any personal air vents. Hope you ate before you got on board or brought your own snack because you won't be getting a crumb from this airline. Maybe they should have saved money by not buying fedoras for the airline crew. Oh and all the airline attendants look like 19 yr old kids.
Feb 14 Vancouver to Honolulu flight 7 hours delayed. This flight has run late most days over the past 2 months. Service on board poor - traveller requesting full can of Coke was denied and got a lecture from attendant that she still had several passengers to serve. Time to switch to Westjet.
Vancouver to Honolulu - The AC was "entire cabin" type (no small control like regular planes) and we had to keep our coats on for the full trip both ways because of cold drafts. The Flight Attendants quietly agreed.
I flew Air Canada Rouge for the first time last week (YYZ to Honolulu) - it was the worst flight I have ever taken and I fly frequently. The seats were extremely small/cramped and at 6'1 I had nowhere near enough room. I was surprised how many seats they crammed onto an old 767. The staff were not very helpful or courteous and with no seatback display system we had to use our own device to access entertainment via wifi. Most of the people seated around me didn't realize that you needed to download the Air Canada Rouge app beforehand and they were out of luck (or had to rent one of their tablets). I was able to use my phone to connect but there was no wifi access for the first hour of the flight and it was intermittent at best afterwards with frequent dropouts and long waits for reconnections. The tablet concept does not work. I am disappointed that AC has transitioned/downgraded many of their holiday destinations to Rouge service and will be looking to alternatives i.e. West jet. I will never fly AC Rouge again.
I flew 3 times with AC Rouge in 2014. Twice to the Dominican Republic and once to Rome from Montreal. Not a very good experience very tight seating no entertainment and the plane to Rome was an old Boeing 767 that needed overhauling. Service was mediocre and their outfits looked ridicules. From now on I will try to avoid AC Rouge.
Air Canada rouge is the worst airline I have ever flown. Not only have they crammed in extra rows of seats ensuring the most cramped flight experience they still let the seats recline which puts the seat in front of you in your face. I did not have a choice in airlines as I redeemed aeroplan miles and spent the same amount as if I had flown on AC but got stuck on rouge. The fact that Air Canada is switching sun and fun destinations to Rouge has made the decision to switch to Westjet an easy one. At least the loyalty miles (Westjet dollars) will actually get me on a Westjet plane!
Flew from Vancouver to Phoenix - had no idea how uncomfortable the seats were when I booked the flight otherwise would have chosen a different airline. I have some hip/sciatica issues and suffered for days after. Will not fly on Rouge ever again.
Flew from Vancouver to Maui and back. We booked on points and quite frankly I had no idea what Rouge was before we even boarded the plane. Biggest complaint was about lack of in-flight entertainment. As a parent with two younger kids in-flight movies are a lifesaver. I was floored to see that missing. Did we have other options - yes. We had our own ipad books etc. What was galling was to be told "you can access movies from your ipad but only if you have the app downloaded first". Of course that is useless advice once in the air so guess what? We have iPads for rent for $10. It's the nickel-and-diming on every last thing possible that drives me nuts. The plane was huge and full and yes seats are cramped. I am 5'8 and did okay my husband though at 6'4 it was an agonizing trip particularly the red-eye on the way back. Finally the crew. They all looked very young and the inexperience showed. A young Dad wasn't seated with his wife infant and toddler and was told to "ask around to see if someone will switch". He said "I was told you would help me with that" to which the response was "there will be lots of people who'll want to switch if you ask around." Not sure if she ever did lend assistance. There are other nitpicky things (flight was more than an hour late leaving Maui) etc. Nothing was disastrous but all the little annoyances add up. I am officially done. To be charged for every little thing plus have poor service and the prices aren't even that much better? No thanks I'm out!
Terrible aircraft equipment track record. Both my flight from Honolulu to Vancouver went mechanical and eventually cancelled after 7 hours of indecisiveness from the Air Rouge crew and now last night from Vancouver to Honolulu we took off and had to turn back around because of mechanical problems again and the flight was cancelled. The "Premium rouge" seats are Business class prices but no way Business class seats. What a downgrade from Air Canada's lay flat Business class seats. I am contemplating flying economy on Westjet.
I have travelled with Air Canada in the past and did not hesitate to book a flight with Rouge thinking that it would be a similar experience. I was so wrong! I travelled from Toronto to Phoenix. While waiting at the gate the staff were so disorganized they were not able to board the passengers in a timely fashion. There were 5 boarding groups. They called the first second and third in rapid succession so there were very long lines that were taking very long time to process. Once on the plane there was not adequate space for my carry on. I was told I had to check it. Since I have medications in the bag that I cannot be without I refused to check the bag. The stewardess asked me to remove the medication from my bag and keep it in my purse or under my seat. It would have been embarrassing! In order to remedy this situation in the future perhaps Rouge should not allow people to place backpacks and smaller items that can fit under the seat in the overhead bins so more room would be available for carry on bags. Then place coats and jackets in the bins after the bags are in place. The plane was so full that I had to sit on my winter coat for the entire 4 hour flight as there was not even a space for my coat. Not too comfortable. I paid the same price or more than my last Air Canada flight Toronto to Phoenix so Rouge is not even offering a more economical flight. More than likely more profit for the airline less comfort for the passenger.
Flew on an early morning flight from YVR to LAX. As soon as I boarded the plane I was a little taken aback at how many seats there were (and I travel a lot and have seen a lot of aircraft). I sat in 51F which is right at the back of the plane (as in last row). It's a 3 seater row (with adjustable arm rests) so I had plenty of space to move around freely. However any other of the seating and it would be a very tight fit. I'm a larger guy so I tend to get the aisle seat but I found that the rest of the craft would've been very cramped for my size. Just enough leg room I'm 5"9 and I was barely touching the seat in front of me. Any taller and it would be painful.
Just flew on Air Canada Rouge from Toronto to Cancun and back. I must admit after seeing these reviews I was a little nervous. But I thought I would give them a chance especially since it was our honeymoon. On the flight down we were coming from Thunder Bay to meet the connection in Toronto. When checking in in Thunder Bay we were told we would be getting our seats numbers when we get to the gate. I later realized that this was a fancy way of saying the plane was overbooked and we were chosen to be bumped. However we were able to get on the flight and my wife and I were able to sit together. On the flight down the staff were very cheery and in a good mood. After this first flight I thought I might be giving them a good review. The seats are a little cramped but it was not too bad for four hours. The way back was pretty bad. So when we check-in in Cancun the agent said that the plane was overbooked and asking us if we would volunteer to spend the night. My wife and I both had commitments back home so we said no. So they gave us our tickets and once again told us we would get our seat numbers at the gate. Translation: If people show up you are still getting bumped. We both got on the flight but were unable to even sit anywhere close to each other. We asked if could be switched but we were told no. Ironically the lady was beside was by herself too so they were just too lazy to figure it out. The staff on the way back seemed very miserable. My wife told me she had to flag down someone to order food even though she had her credit card out ready to pay. And they didn't even give her a declaration card. Thankfully in Canada you can fill one out for the entire family. While I admit that the entertainment system is very innovative it did crash from time to time. So make sure you have some back up entertainment on your devices. The fact that we were almost bumped on our honeymoon is very discouraging. I would say stick to WestJet Sunwing or Air Transat. I can't wait until Porter starts doing tropical destinations. However I would not recommend Rouge unless you are prepared to be bumped and you don't mind the cramped space.
I've had concerns with AC's quality for some years but a recent flight to Phoenix on AC Rouge finally sealed its fate as far as I am concerned. I am 6'4" tall 280 pounds. How I got into the seat I will never know. The poor person in front of me had my knees in their back and simply wasn't able to recline their seat. I'm used to AC staff being frumpy with a 'can't be bothered' attitude but this flight hit a new low. Rude abrupt ignoring requests dealing sandwiches like cards from a deck I could go on. The final humiliation was that after a 4.5 hour flight my legs were totally numb (as was my rear). It took three passengers and an AC staff member to heave me out of the seat and support me while the circulation returned. I changed to another airline for the return flight. I will never fly AC again. I will pay extra for another airline take a stop over change my route but never again AC. I am ashamed to be Canadian with you as the national airline.
I find Air Canada Rouge airplanes from Toronto-Phoenix and return to be very cramped. As well the entertainment system is in my opinion very poor. The selection for those who have their own iPad is less than for those who rent an Air Canada Rouge iPad. I really wish that there was an option to fly this route at least once a week with the main airline Air Canada.
It's Canada's answer to Europe's Ryanair. They're making a few extra bucks by cramming more very uncomfortable seats onto an Airbus 319. The "entertainment" streaming which replaces the usual video screens is a joke unless you enjoy watching endless commercials and the lamest movies on the market. My biggest problem is that Air Canada on certain routes no longer gives you a choice between a regular flight and "budget" Rouge. Fortunately we were flying Vancouver to Palm Springs ( only 2.5 - 3 hours). Pity the fools who are on long haul Rouge flights. I'd be tearing my hair out! The high school kids who were pretending to be flight attendants were enthusiastic and doing their best but as mentioned in another comment are they prepared for an emergency situation.
We flew YYZ to Phoenix (5 hour flight) and I was in constant pain from the seats. While waiting for bags at the destination (which took 90 minutes) most of the passengers we talked to said the same thing - never again Rouge. Air Canada has embarked on a strange experiment to find out how much people will pay to avoid extreme inconvenience and physical distress.
Toronto to Phoenix Dec 13th 2014 AC1849. Phoenix to Toronto Jan 10th 2015 AC1848. There is simply no leg room in economy for an average height adult. It was incredibly uncomfortable for the duration of the flight. Will have to find an alternative airline.
This is one of the worst airlines that I have flown. Maybe they should spend as much time taking courses in courtesy as they do on those ridiculous outfits. I boarded the plane and had to put my ticket into my pocket because I had a full hot coffee in my one hand and a very heavy fragile bag in the other hand. Upon entering the plane I already knew my seat number in my head. The attendant demanded to know what seat I was in. I told her and kept moving. She then got belligerent with me and demanded to see my ticket. I told her that I don't have a third hand and my ticket was put away. She jumped in front of me to keep me from walking forward and demanded yet again to see my ticket. I have flown this airline maybe 5-6 times now and all of their flight attendants are rude. The physical plane was fine the flying was fine the snacks were fine but the attendants - not fine.
I'm a frequent flyer with lifetime status and fly about 150k a year. This was my first and last rouge flight. Economy seating was terrible. There's absolutely no room. When comparing economy seating and space on rouge to other airlines other airlines' economy seating is huge. I thought sardines had it bad but then again the sardines are typically dead before being canned. I now know what a sardine feels like. I'll be taking another airline. To Air Canada bring back normal service!
I have travelled AC Rouge a few times in Premium and this was my first in economy and have to say I truly do not like the AC Rouge concept at all. They have taken all the fun away from travelling on vacation and cheapened the Air Canada brand considerably. I am an elite status AC member and really struggling with continuing to give Air Canada any more of my business because of this. The service is mediocre at best and the whole ipad concept does not work. The movies are old and it is too awkward to deal with. Overall a truly unappealing experience.
If I had to fly Rouge Economy always I would quit travelling. I am a regular BC Client and on short notice had to fly Rouge. All they are doing with this service is making me fly other airlines. I am forced to fly Rouge Premium to Costa Rica Feb. 23rd and purposely choose American Airlines with a Layover in Miami of 3 hours for the trip home as I prefer their business class.
On way to Orlando I got bumped to Premium rouge as a frequent flier. Unfortunately no Premium class provided. On the way back I flew in Economy class. Worst flight ever being cramped and bum hurt which never happens even during a 15 hour flight. People beside me also could not believe this bus class service. Flight Attendants nice but what cheesy outfits. Air Canada what happened to you! As a frequent flier they are giving me too many reasons not to be a loyal customer.
I had no idea what Air Canada 'Rouge' was until I experienced it on a trip from Toronto to Tampa on January 13 2015. Everything you read in the unflattering reviews is true. However to add insult to injury we had a full flight with no water in either of the washrooms! There was what appeared to be a well-worn sign in the washrooms apologizing for the lack of water and a supply of little individual towelettes to wipe your hands afterwards. On the trip back when the stewardess asked if I wanted a drink I asked first whether there was water in the washroom this time before deciding whether or not to drink anything. I will never travel Air Canada Rouge again. I will fly another airline for my next trip to Florida in a few months time just to avoid the inconvenience of no leg room (and I'm barely 5 foot tall) discomfort of thinly padded seats inability to get in and out of any seats but the aisle nothing to ease boredom - not even a used newspaper from a previous flight. By far the most uncomfortable flight I have ever been on.
Rouge does an injustice to Air Canada mainline. I am an AC frequent flyer and will look for alternate carriers if the only option is Rouge. Flight to Tampa on January 18th was a 18.50 departure and we got off the ground at 00.30 on the 19th. Trip home on the 23rd was delayed over 3 hours. Not sure what the issues were but weather was not one of them. I have no problem with one delay but two in a week makes me think that these folks have some issues. Seats also leave something to be desired and Rouge should be renamed Crampjet!
Flew to Dominican. I agree with all other reviews. Worst leg room ever. Expect lots of leg related health issues in the future because you truly cannot move your legs while inflight. I fly with AC frequently but will be looking at other options. I do not carry my IPAD with me nor do I wish to rent one for $10.
Firstly flight delayed 6 hours out of YYZ to LAS. Sure breakdowns happen. I was tracking the history of the aircraft online and it has been broken down and attempted to be put back into service 4 times in a week. I am 6 foot tall and the lack of leg room was not only insulting it is bordering on a health and safety issue. Air Canada Rouge would rather make the extra few bucks off cramming a few more seats on the plane than worry about whether passengers will be able to walk again after flying with them. I am so upset that I have cancelled my return flight with this airline.
Flew Toronto to Tampa on January 6. Air Canada Rouge is the only AC option on this route. Flight attendants tried their hardest and were pleasant. Only two of them however so service was very slow. Seats are worst I have ever flown - no leg room hard and thin seat cushions. I'm 192 cm and my knees were stuck against the seat in front of me. Everything about the experience was cheap cheap cheap. Price was no different than regular AC service. I've been a regular and loyal AC customer for many many years. I would avoid AC Rouge and switch airlines if this is the only service AC would offer on the route I wanted. Trip satisfaction 4 out of 10 because we arrived safe and sound not because of the inflight experience!
I will never travel Air Canada Rouge again. If you are booking a cheap flight their service may be fine but when you book an all inclusive vacation with Air Canada and have to pay for baggage check-in food and entertainment it is not acceptable. The seats were uncomfortable for a 5 hour flight. $10 to rent an I-pad for entertainment. No in flight music or movie without the rental. Not everyone has an I-pad or takes it on their vacation. Pre- booking seats can only be done by calling Air Canada and waiting on line for 45 minutes or longer. I will never book another Vacation with Air Canada.
AC1837 December 30 2014 Toronto to Phoenix Arizona. I normally enjoy flying Air Canada even tango is more preferred than other airlines. Air Canada Rouge is the least comfortable airline I've ever been on. I am 5'5" and if I didn't sit up perfectly straight my knees touched the back of the seat in front of me. My boyfriend who is 6"3' was quite a bit larger then the space that he was provided. The poor person in front of us had issues reclining because his knees were in her seat. Air Canada is great as long as there is no rouge tacked on at the end.
e flew from Vancouver to Kahului on Air Canada Rouge AC1827 and back on AC1828 a week ago. Alas this might be the last time we use this airline as it was the most uncomfortable seating and rudest crew. My back is still hurting after a week and we cancelled a trip to Hawaii that was coming up due to Air Canada Rouge. The crew was as usual arrogant and unprofessional. They decided to turn all the lights on half away through the red eye flight to distribute beverages while everyone was trying to sleep. As for the price there is no difference with mainstream Air Canada. You pay the same for a horrible experience.
Flew from Montreal to Rome on Sept/18/2014 and returned Oct/18/2014. This was the worst experience of my life. Never again. Air Canada should be ashamed you are so cramped in your seat that can hardly breathe.
AC1831. Jan 10 2015. Absolutely awful. Paid for business class and got hostility class. Attendants terrible. Seating worse than economy on other flights. Will never fly AC again.
We flew Air Canada thinking we'll be getting a basic level of comfort common to all Air Canada planes but what a mistake. Didn't know about Rouge. There's no leg room minimal service no comfort no space in the overhead since people bring large carry-ons to avoid paying for checked-in luggage. The almost 5 hr flight to Phoenix from Toronto was painfully boring with the in-flight entertainment consisting of online streaming of old movies and shows. We had to bear all this again on the flight back!
Have travelled several times between Toronto to Phoenix - always a good service. Went on Rouge the worst flight ever. Did not tell us we had to download an app to get inflight entertainment until 15 mins in the air so nothing to watch on the 5 hr flight. Packed in like cattle no leg room.
Toronto to Fort Lauderdale. Return from Fort Lauderdale to Ottawa. As many have said cramped. Rouge is overpriced. Reminded me of cheap flights UK to Spain 25 years ago. Yet for what one gets Rouge is not a cheap option. But at least the crew got us there and with a soft landing.
Brutal seats. I am 6'4" and could barely get into the seat. The passenger in front of me insisted on reclining his seat back. The AC Rouge website states that the slimline seats provide more room and more comfort. My legs are still swollen from the flight. The only good thing about flight 1892 YYZ to Tampa on January 16 was the inflight cabin attendants. I will never fly Rouge again.
Less leg room than usual no inflight entertainment no hot meal for an almost 6 hour flight (If you want something you have to purchase it off their very limited food cart) and limited space in their overhead compartments. My husband was asked to hold our carry-on bag on his lap during take-off because there was no room in the overhead compartments and the bag did not fit under our seat. The staff on flight 1786 were not at all accommodating. Both my husband and I are not complainers but the service you get with Air Canada Rouge is totally unacceptable. They give you nothing for your money.
I flew with Rouge from YUL to SAN last year and was disappointed after using my eUpgrades to find out I was in the front of he airplane which is no different from Economy class in Air Canada. The seats were nothing like business class the service was so so we got an IPad for inflight entertainment and it felt like a 'charter type' airline. I wasn't aware that my flight was with Rouge so I was very disappointed when I entered the airplane and realized I was on the discount flight and had used my upgrades for this. I go to San Diego a couple of times a year and I will probably fly with United from now on since Air Canada doesn't give us an option to use Rouge when connecting to Canada.
Vancouver to Honolulu. Booked Air Canada in Feb 2014 got changed to Rouge. Worst flying experience ever. Flight to Honolulu was 1 hour late returning flight was over 3 hours late. Seats are uncomfortable with no legroom even in Premium class. We were charged the same prices as Air Canada nothing on Rouge is close to a regular Air Canada flight. We have flown many low cost carriers in Europe for 1/10 the cost with better service. Will never fly Rouge again it is awful. Inflight entertainment is a real laugh. My wife and I are regular Air Canada customers. I would rate trip satisfaction value for money and seat comfort 0 as other passengers have done.
Traveled to Phoenix Dec 18th for two weeks holiday and booked Air Canada as usual. One week prior to departure rec'd an Air Rouge email - oh well had no idea what it was. Now I can inform you - it was awful - a throw back to Air Transat planes 20 to 25 years ago. The seats were so close you could not sit with your legs straight if you are tall and you could not cross your legs let alone your ankles. Once the person ahead put her seat back I could not move or would have hit my head on the back of her seat. There ought to be a law re safety -- none of us would have been able to move to get out in an emergency and what about health insuch cramped quarters. The correct spelling is not "Air Rouge" - it is "Air Ruse"! I will never take an Air Rouge flight again.
On January 8 2015 I had the displeasure of being a passenger on Air Canada Rouge flight 1828 from Maui to Vancouver and prior to that Air Canada Rouge flight 1827 from Vancouver to Maui. I begin by comparing the regular Air Canada Boeing 767 to the Rouge Boeing 767. You will note from the seating chart that the regular Air Canada Boeing 767 has 39 rows with eight passengers per row. The Rouge aircraft has 49 rows. The additional ten rows undoubtedly speaks volumes to the uncomfortable seating mentioned by many. Like many of the previous commentators I have been a member of the Air Canada Altitude 50K group for years. In good faith I booked with Air Canada to discover my flight to be with Rouge. The Rouge seats are extremely uncomfortable and offer an average sized passenger little if any leg room. Your knees are crushed when the passenger in front moves their seat back. Comparatively the seats are similar to sitting on a wooden church pew for the duration of the flight. I will never again fly Rouge. From Edmonton there are a number of other options available.
Dec 15 2014 AC1828 and AC1876 Jan 9 2015. Terrible. Avoid at all costs. I travel quite frequently and am of reasonable height/weight. The seats are tiny and uncomfortable. Knees pressed against the seat ahead. Barely any lean back because you'd slam into the person behind you. Very small storage above. Inflight 'entertainment' didn't work. 5.5hrs to Maui. Paid top dollar. Lots of other people commented the same. Nice staff not the jaded older ones that can be found on regular AC flights.
YVR-LAX on 1/12. Can't complain about the service as the attendants were workmanlike. Seating as noted by most reviewers is awful. The in-flight Wi-Fi service did not work initially and when I finally corralled a flight attendant she laughed and told me that the crew had forgotten to turn it on. By the time they did turn it on we were third of the way through our 2.5 hr. flight. Would fly this airline again on short routes no more than 2 to 2 1/2 hours and only with an aisle or exit row seat. Otherwise caveat emptor.
For a business class ticket price this was a waste of an upgraded price. The seats do not recline far enough to rest comfortable the inflight iPad usage is really not conducive to eating in flight and your posture is compromised while viewing a the iPad needs to sit on your tray table thus causing your neck to bend downwards. I watched as passengers tried to eat while positioning their iPad here or there. It was really bothersome. It was not a comfortable flight. We fly to Maui several times a year and this is not my preferred airline for sure - Air Canada Rouge is not what I would choose to fly. I was very disappointed overall.
Last August after returning to Toronto from San Diego on Air Canada Rouge I couldn't walk properly for a week. The seat space was so small I felt that I was being punished for the full five five hours of my trip. Since I'm just under six feet I wondered how the tall people were handling the unconscionable seating. I didn't write a letter then but vowed not to take Rouge again. However Rouge became the only option on a recent return trip to Tampa. I had the same negative experience.
Booked business class with Aeroplan direct flight Toronto to Cancun only to end up on AC Rouge not by choice. Flight 1810 January 8/15. Premium Rouge is not close to AC business class level at all and I don't feel it should be charging the same amount of points for Premium Rouge. Usually you are served water or juice on arrival to aircraft but there was a delay with that. The overhead bins above the middle seat section were too small to accommodate most regular size carry-ons. The inflight entertainment was non-existant and iPads were offered free to Premium rouge customers $15 for economy customers. We could have used our own iPads to watch the movies offered if we had known and downloaded an app for this. We were told this quite rudely by the air attendant who seemed quite annoyed we didn't already know that is how it's done on AC rouge. The iPads weren't handed out for an hour and collected about 45 min prior to landing so we did not get to finish our movies. You were also unable to hear any announcements when you had earphones in listening to the iPads which I'm sure is not allowed by the safety guidelines. The first drink service was after the iPads. The meal was very tasty and good but too bad no switch up with menu as we had flown previous day with same menu. Seats smaller and very old and no support. I am not sure if they were short staffed that day or what but all the attendants seemed very unhappy and rude. I would never fly this airline by choice and I think Air Canada should have a serious look at keeping this airline. We were unhappy in business class so I cannot imagine how those in economy felt.
LAS to YYC was the worst I have experienced. Seats are jammed in. They are narrow and there is no room between the seat in front of you. I am only 5' 7" but could not sit straight with my knees together. They were jammed into the seat in front of me. I could not put my laptop on the tray unless it sat at an angle. Entertainment system was a joke. First of all they announced after we were asked to put our phones on flight mode to download the Air Canada Ap. This information should have been announced in the boarding lounge. Even if you had the ap it could not be used until 45 minutes after we left the gate and had to be turned off when we started our descent (1/2 hour before landing). Staff announced we were headed for Vancouver; not Calgary. They seemed like this was their first flight and were unsure of everything. They were like excited kids but not helpful. This is the first and last time I will flying Air Canada Rouge.
If you've spent any time reading on-line reviews of Rouge service and you're still considering booking a Rouge flight don't do it! I was Rouged once when the service was first introduced and vowed to never fly with them again. Unfortunately I made the mistake of consciously booking with Rouge while thinking that it couldn't still be as bad as my first experience - I was wrong! My YUL-LAS return flights over the past two weeks were a complete disaster in every possible way. I even earned a compensation reward (that will never be used!) for one of the flights. I fly a lot including regular transpacific flights (not with Air Canada!) and super discount flights on Chinese airlines. Nothing compares to the poor quality of service on Rouge. Rouge seats are terribly uncomfortable the flight attendants are clueless the planes are old and not well maintained (does anyone enjoy blocked overflowing toilets).
We flew Air Canada for years because we knew we could depend on a pleasant experience and a comfortable ride - a far cry from your typical charter. On a recent trip to the Caribbean on AC rouge we were treated to incredibly uncomfortable and cramped seats a dingy and dirty interior a flaky electrical system (lights on lights off like magic if the lights worked at all) and an unreliable entertainment system (maybe you can watch a movie maybe we'll be having bandwidth allocation problems and you won't be able to). We brought our own devices for the entertainment system but there is no charging capability. How handy. And the light switches are on the arm rest so my neighbour's elbow was also quite efficient at turning it on and off unexpectedly. The flight was late both directions didn't seem to be weather related. Nobody made their connection on the way back forcing them to stay overnight. So no incentive to choose AC again that's for sure. We were always willing to pay a bit more in the past. Now we might as well go with any low-quality discount airline. Apparently they are all the same.
I don't think you could get any worst! I also was "rouged" as I took a flight from YUL-MCO. Being 6'4 I would rather get a root canal then have to sit on a rouge plane again. I am in disgust that Air Canada would create such a terrible product when their mainland carrier is great. I am an altitude member and fly often with AC and somehow have managed to avoid this airline for almost two years and will never take another rouge flight as long as I can help it. The entertainment selection was terrible not that I had enough room to watch it on my ipad as my legs where twisted in a pretzel trying to find a comfortable place for my legs. Never again!
YYC-LAS LAS-YYC. This itinerary was made tolerable by the fact I was able to upgrade both flights using aeroplan e credits. Very uncomfortable seats on the 319 to LAS and the so called Premium Rouge reminds me of Canadian early 90s on their 737 with the seat next to you not sold. Food was OK both flights but obviously cut rate from mainline J eg less linen. The 767 flight to YYZ was akin to narrow body J mainline in terms of seating. I am not sure what Air Canada was thinking with the IFE what are you supposed to do with that iPod while eating? And they were handed out far too late on the first flight. I did not get through the movie I was watching. If I had to wear a uniform like that to work I would not be doing so proudly! I will avoid Rouge if at all possible in the future.
I have been flying to Hawaii for over 30 years always Business class on Air Canada but Air Canada Rouge which is part of Air Canada has got to be the worst experience I have had. The equipment is old 767 aircraft. I confirm this with the flight attendant because the bathrooms were in really bad shape. The seats were new and hard and no longer flat beds. You can get spoiled when you pay for Air Canada business-class prices for economy experiences. The food was good but they ran out of my choice. Do not fly Air Canada rouge unless you need to use this airline. No TV on back of seats and bring your iPad.
I flew Air Canada Rouge for the first time the beginning of January. They should rename it Air Canada Sardine Can. I am only 5 foot 3 inches and my knees were hitting the seat in front of me. I dropped my glasses on the floor and there was no way I could get them and was told by the steward on the plane that there is nothing he could do that I would have to wait until the plane was empty and then I could try to reach and get them and then he said nothing else can be done and my reply was "fly another airline". Going into Cuba I had 3 forms to fill out and they gave them to us as we were starting to land and then told to put our trays up and we could not use the trays to fill out the forms. Very poor service and you are crammed in as I said like sardines.
Vancouver to Maui on Air Canada Rouge December 13 2014 - this was the worst flight. Seats were the most uncomfortable. For the cost of this flight I was expecting more for the money. I will not be flying with Air Canada any more for the simple fact that when the flights were booked back in August there was no mention of Rouge and there certainly was no discount for that portion of our flight. Time to go back to old system.. I do not recommend flying rouge if your flight is over 1 hour long or if you are over 5' 5" good luck trying to fit your knees in front of you in your seat. Goodbye Air Canada Rouge!
Jan 16 2015 OGG-YVR. What kind of a system of 3 zones to load an aircraft? Simply ineffective annoying and takes extra time to load the aircraft. What were Air Canada thinking? Service was rated as zero just like a charter flight. No more Air Canada!
Toronto to Phoenix. What happened here? Last year it was standard comfortable economy and this year we were jammed in like cattle. Never again will we travel Rouge! The couple next to me had an 18 month old baby on their lap. Awful for everyone.
Toronto to San Diego / return and lucky to have aisle seat. Loading time is long as middle and window seat passengers have to squeeze in and out. I'm 5'10" and my knees touch seat in front.
Regular Air Canada customer and had probably the worst airline experience that I can remember. Flight 1807 from San Jose to Toronto on Jan.4th. Initially scheduled to arrive on Sunday afternoon then changed some time ago to Monday morning at 1.40am. Plane was then delayed with no explanation for two hours and sat on the runway for another 25 minutes. The new seat spacing is absurd. If you are over 5ft 10 do not use this airline. Arrived Toronto approx. 4.30am on Jan 5th with partner and two younger kids to find that the bags did not arrive with the plane. To date no info on when they will arrive.
The first and last time I fly Rouge. What a disappointment! My previous flights to Honolulu were on Air Canada not Rouge. When I boarded the Rouge jet in December 2014 I noticed there was no inflight entertainment. A 6 hour flight with no inflight entertainment? Air Canada should let travellers know that the 767's they fly to Honolulu have no inflight entertainment. Had I know this I would not have flown Rouge to Honolulu.
Recently flew from Toronto to Phoenix and were quite surprised to find ourselves on Rouge-we certainly weren't aware we were booking it. Never again. Seats were horribly uncomfortable-on the flight down my husband and I both ended up with back pain because the seat forced me to sit with my shoulders slumped forward. I've also never been on a plane with so little leg room-maybe three inches from my knees to the seat in front and I'm only 5'2". Flight back was slightly better (different seats) but still uncomfortable. We noticed several rows of "prestige" seats as we got on the plane but they were the same as all the other seats except with a bit more leg room. There were only 3 flight attendants for the entire plane one and a half of whom were dedicated to business class so service was slow. As other people have said there's no inflight entertainment unless you happen to have an iPad. I generally read so that's not an issue for me but I'd have been in trouble if my e-reader ran out of charge as there were also no plugs or usb ports available. And though it's a small thing the uniforms are hideous especially the hats which looked to be "one size fits nobody."
I flew to Phoenix from Toronto on Dec 28th Business Class and returned Jan 5 2015. Both were equally disturbing in their own way. The bottom line is that if Air Canada is going to charge full fare on a flight then it should not be "charter" quality. If I pay to fly business then I should get what I pay for. As for economy the leg room is atrocious for a 5 hour flight. If the person in front of you leans back then their seat is a few inches from your nose. Also we were not warned ahead of time that there would be no entertainment- they tell you to download the app to watch movies on an Ipad or Iphone but they provide no charging mechanism for your battery so you are forced to rent an Ipad for $10. If we are paying the same rates as a regular Air Canada flight shouldn't the entertainment be free just like on those flights? Air Canada used to be my go-to airline. No more- certainly not if I have to take a long haul flight on Rouge. They are shooting themselves in the foot. They used to claim "Best Airline in North America five years in a row". This will never happen again if they continue on this path. Extremely disappointing.
YUL-LAS 767-300. I knew it was going to be bad but still I was curious to fly rouge and experience it. The plane was very old worn and dirty non existent leg-room poor selection of movies from their wifi IFE cabin crew okay but very young and inexperienced never felt safe with them food options a joke and unhealthy. This product would be acceptable if low cost but the prices are the same as AC mainline and the offering is tremendously below standards. I had better flights with real low cost carriers in Europe or Asia for 1/10 of the price paid. Good things landed on time and my baggage arrived too. I won't get rouged ever again.
If I can help it there is no way I will utilize Air Canada Rouge again. The leg room is terrible - my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me the whole time from Toronto to Phoenix and for the return flight back. If the person in front of you reclines their seat it is absolute torture. Out of 4 flights in total from Ottawa to Phoenix we had 7 planes due to mechanical failures. Very archaic options for in flight entertainment. If I could give 0 stars for "Value for Money" and "Seat Comfort" I would.
If you have ever enjoyed flying book a trip with Air Canada Rouge they will change you forever. We travel from YYZ to SJO frequently and usually with Avianca. This time we flew with Rouge - what a mistake! The lack of seat room is just unacceptable our friend could not even get his tray down had to eat of his wife's tray. This really is an airline of last resort unless of course you are a midget on a diet. Be warned!
I usually fly with AC but after this experience would never fly ACR again. Flight YVR-OGG. As many have pointed out the seats are brutal. Thin (felt the guys knees in my back) no leg room and the reading lights in our row of seats didn't work. Pretty hard to read in the dark. The so-called inflight entertainment system is a joke. Only worked on the iPad and even then kept getting knocked out and then had a hard time re-connecting. Neither our android or MS systems could connect. Make sure to take your own food as the buy-on-board is expensive. The only positive was the young cheery flight crew. Overall AC has used the term discount to refer to the reduced quality of the flight experience while maintaining ridiculous prices.
Got rouged with a bait and switch on a flight from Vancouver to San Francisco at the end of October. Most miserable uncomfortable flight I have ever taken. Thank goodness it was a relatively short flight. No entertainment other than to advise me I should have downloaded their app on to my iPad before boarding. I am not tall and don't have long legs yet my knees were jammed into the seat in front of me and were quite sore by the time we landed. Do not bring anything on board to put under your seat because you will need every last cm of space. The seat was also narrower than average along with being much closer to the seat in front with a minimal recline. The direct flight to Hawaii from YVR has now been rouged and I am on a flight in February. My wife and I are already dreading the flight. Back to Seattle or Portland to get Hawaiian or Westjet from now on.
Air Canada Rouge is the worst experience I have ever had flying with this Airline and I am a loyal supporter for the last thirty-five years. As a Super Elite traveller I expect Air Canada to offer the best in comfort and service they have failed miserably with this service. Seats are horrible even in Business Class. Staff are all junior and haven't a clue what Service is. As soon as we got on our flight the Flight Attendants were in the galley eating rather than making sure the paying customers were taken care of. This continued throughout the flight. At dinner in Business Class u expect the same level of service as on the regular flights - not. Wine was not even offered although in my case the FA forgot to even put a wine glass on.
I wish I had visited this site before being Rouged. I can't believe that Air Canada looks good to me now! Toronto - Dublin return. I'm a taller woman and had to sit sideways for over 7 hours. I totally agree with the other criticisms on this site. I think the crew is tired of hearing complaints from the passengers and their attitude shows they don't have much patience left. If you are thinking of Rouge my advice is keep the trip short (nothing over a few hours) pack a lunch and download your favourite movies and music on your tablet (their media solution is a joke and wouldn't play on my tablet). If you're tall or big resist the temptation!
Vancouver to Honolulu on Air Canada Rouge in December 2014 - this was the worst flight ever. Seats were the most uncomfortable and the inflight entertainment service that you have to watch on your iPad froze and was not worth the effort to try to reload numerous times since it just kept freezing. For the cost of this flight I was expecting more for the money. I will not be flying with Air Canada any more for the simple fact that when the flights were booked back in July there was no mention of Rouge and there certainly was no discount for that portion of our flight. Time to get better planes if people are still paying top dollar for a long flight. I do not recommend flying rouge if your flight is over 2 hours long or if you are over 5' 8" good luck trying to fit your knees in front of you in your seat.
I'm never again going to fly Air Canada Rouge. My wife flew Rouge to Vegas in October 2014 and she said it was terrible. Just got back from Cancun yesterday and the Business Class in Rouge was just terrible. The flight attendants have no experience and are VERY young. The seats are small and tight. My wife told me the Airbus seats are worst than the Boeing seats. Being a proud Canadian I always try to fly with Air Canada when possible but Rouge is awful.
I fly around 20 times a year for work mostly on Air Canada. I've now twice had the displeasure of having to fly Rouge (once to Europe and once to Florida). In my years I've flown some bad airlines but Rouge is garbage. I truly hate this airline. Cramped seats no amenities. Nickel and dimed. Upgrades give you zero benefit for the money. Rouge is the most cynical airline I have ever flown. It signifies that Air Canada truly and officially does not care about it's customers. We are just freight. I will never ever fly Rouge again.
First time flying Air Canada Rouge from Toronto to San Diego. I usually fly the regular Air Canada flights so I was in for a surprise. I'm only 5 ft 4" but my legs were cramped in Economy. There are no screens in front of you so you needed to use your phone/tablet to see their very limited selection of movies/shows. Plus no power outlets to charge your phone so by the time you arrive to your destination your phone is nearly dead. AC rouge took the couple good things that stood out against west jet and threw it down the pipe just so they can squeeze more people in the plane. It feels like they're just in it for profit not customer satisfaction.
The in-flight entertainment is if you have a device or pay $10 for an i-pad. I had my own device but because everyone is trying to stream it didn't work. I was able to stream something for maybe 3 minutes. A customer asked the attendant and they had no idea said they would come back with a solution and never came back. The majority of the attendants were very rude on the flight over. Plus all segments on my journey to and journey from were delayed or late. They don't offer you a glass of wine like the brochure/ads say or a warm towel.
This is the second time we booked Air Canada and was bumped to Rouge. We paid for Air Canada and got its cousin Rouge. As a Super Elite (MM) member I was outraged that Air Canada has the arrogance to throw 5 members of my family on this 3rd world service. Seat too small flight attendants were mostly arrogant and ignorant except for one mid cabin FA. Can't charge a phone uniforms look like they are out of a bad movie. I'll be using Westjet for any flights that are not guaranteed "Air Canada" or Jazz.
Flew AC1804 and AC1805 from YYZ to MBJ with a friend and 6 other traveling companions. Our hotel accommodation was booked on our own and not as a part of Air Canada Vacations therefore my review is based on the flight experience alone. My standards are not very high. Although I personally work in the customer service industry I live in a small town and am used to small planes with limited leg room and limited services. However for a flight from Toronto to Jamaica I expected much more. As I am rather short I did not have an issue with the leg room but I can see how others may. How can you have a 4+ hour flight with NO in flight entertainment? Yes IF you have an iPad you can use their "app" to stream movies and TV but the selection was absolutely horrid and the service did not work BOTH legs of our trip. On the way down only the TV shows would stream and on our return both did stream but the application crashed every 1-5 minutes meaning you would need to relaunch the application and find your spot all over again. In a 4 hour flight we only got through about 1 hour of our movie. If I am ever forced to fly with them again I will make sure to download films prior to leaving or bring a magazine with me - Lesson learnt. Even more frustrating was the lack of communication surrounding this the flight attendants would constantly say they were resetting the wifi and to stay off of the app for apx 5 minutes while they did this but no announcement was ever made to the other passengers.. so maybe this is why it never worked. On my return trip I had kindly and politely requested a beverage from 2 separate flight attendants - It never came after about an hour I ringed my service bell 3 times still never came.. attendants were never seen again until landing. Perhaps the full capacity Boeing 757 was too much for the crew to handle I am genuinely not sure. I absolutely loved my vacation but the flight was legitimately the only downside of my experience. If this airline was incredibly low in cost it may be worth the sacrifice but since WestJet is approximately the same fare I will travel to the next city over and travel with them next time I go to Jamaica.
Flight #1897 December 26th. 40 minutes to give us our iPads - there was only 6 of us sitting in Business Class! As the other passengers were served first in a 3 hour flight we couldn't even watch a 2 hour movie. No warm towels prior to dinner no offer of wine with dinner no bread rolls no offer of tea or coffee after. If you are going to charge Air Canada Business Class prices - we deserve Air Canada's business class service. We were forced to fly Air Canada Rouge but the service was not different than flying with WestJet and paying $25.00 for a premium seat. Could have saved ourselves at least $300.00/per person. Which will be our next choice if this service/price does not improve.
Not worth flying Rouge unless you are small in stature. Disappointingly tight legroom. Actually laughed when I got to my seat and saw how little legroom there was and then cried when the person in front of me reclined their seat into my knees. First time I ever had my 11 year old daughter commenting how cramped the seats were. Although the flights were cheap there were comparable deals available for the same itineraries with better comfort levels. Booked as codeshare on United and tried to reserve seats in advance but was unable to so. Very long holds on the phone with AC (30 minutes excellent deterrent). As a Star Alliance Gold was disappointed with this level of service. Everything else was roughly as expected. Will make a point of avoiding Rouge in the future.
I was on rouge yesterday for a 5 hour flight from Toronto to Phoenix and it was the worst flight of my life! There was no leg room - never ever again!
The worst experience. The 767 appeared like it was built in the 60's. Dull dingy worn arm rests. Sears looked worn and out of date. On the way to Las Vegas they played two movies on the big screen and on the way home none. I will never fly them again. Air Canada should be ashamed.
YVR-OGG-YVR. What a let down! I am a 100 000+miles/year traveller and I was truly disappointed with AC Rouge. It's not cheap the service is a skeleton of what it should be seats are very uncomfortable (they simply do not recline). Plane had technical issues both ways (no Wifi engines would not start etc) seriously - none of this is very confidence building pre-flight. There were delays both ways premium Rouge does not look much better. Huge disappointment and makes one really reconsider loyalty to Air Canada and it's brand.
Flight with Canada Air Rouge from Toronto to Orlando. 3 hours of a nightmare. Almost no space for legs a real squeeze the plane was dirty toilets dirty staff seemed to be fed up not even a glass of water during a 3 hour trip thank you Air Canada Rouge never again.
12//20/2015 flew to Toronto out of Phoenix AZ. The leg room was very poor. I am 5ft 10 my knees were about 1 inch from the seat in front of me. Flight crew and flight was good. Coming back from Toronto the seats were even worse when I sat down in my seat my knees were touching the seat in front of me poor guy across from me was about 6ft 1 or 2 when the person in front of you decides to recline the seat the seat is about 14 inches from you nose. When most passengers were loaded we had to wait for a couple of stragglers about 45 minutes 5.5 hrS on the plane ended up being 6.5 hrs. Flight crew and flight was good.
Booked an AC Vacations package and got rouged. I'm average size and had about 3" of knee room. Seat was uncomfortable outgoing I had a knee massage from the tall man seated behind me who was clearly struggling in his seat. My partner was served cold coffee and got a shrug when we mentioned it. A women in the row ahead was served cold tea and the flight attended loudly blamed the passenger for putting milk in the tea. Late in the flight I happened to see a flight attendant racing through the cabin silently waving a water jug in front of her body. I suppose that is the Rogue way of offering customers a glass of water? She breezed past our row ignoring our "excuse me". Lesson: carefully check any AC vacations flights to verify the airline. No need to pay extra when you can get better service on Skyservice or Air Transat.
We were put on Air Canada since our flight with Lufthansa (Munich - Orlando) was cancelled due to Lufthansa strikes. Air Canada Munich - Toronto was ok. The flight from Toronto to Orlando with Air Canada Rouge was a nightmare. The space between rows was almost zero (maybe 15cm) the seat comfort non existent since the whole body was squeezed into a ridiculous narrow space. The aircraft was absolutely packed and the service was accordingly. We were not offered any drinks at all not even water. Drinks and snacks had to be paid for. The crew seemed to be put off and their faces and behavior were off putting for passengers too. The toilets were dirty. If we can avoid flying Air Canada in future we will do so just in case we are placed in Air Canada Rouge again. Never again!
Round trip to Orlando from Toronto. So I can put up with horrible seating for 3 hours but sat delayed on arrival for a while due to snow. The crew tried telling us to stay "seated" but no luck. Time to revolt. The absolute worst seating. I will connect jump on any other carrier drive or walk before Rouge ever gets another dime from us unless they move the seats back. All for 2 more rows? Time to listen to your loyal customers and free us from Rouge.
We have had the unfortunate experience of flying AC Rouge on two recent trips one to Rome and one to Cuba. This is without doubt the worse excuse for an airline anywhere. The staff are poorly trained slow and disinterested. The seats are way beyond uncomfortable - for anyone over 5'8" they are brutal. The food is atrocious and the entertainment non existent. I normally fly AC wherever I go in Canada or overseas but will not use AC Rouge again.
YVS to LAS on Christmas eve. Flight left close to on time and arrived on time but took forever to find a gate. The flight itself was OK. No real positives aside from on time departure and arrival. The seating is incredibly cramped seats are the most uncomfortable ive experienced and the crew are stretched and stressed. Inflight entertainment is also non-existent even with the AC app that kept on crashing. I get the idea of no-frills airlines but call it what it is (don't fly as AC) and the price really isn't that much cheaper. I'll be back to United or Westjet next time.
Terrible I am 6'2" and my legs were cramping up. Felt sorry for the passenger in front of me as my knees were in her back. I stood up as much as I could to make the flight from Phoenix to Toronto bearable. Needed an app to use iPad on flight but had no idea ahead of time. Those who had app didn't do much better as system kept failing.
My husband and I were booked to fly from Honolulu to Vancouver on Air Canada Rouge on Thursday December 18 at 11.15pm. Moments after pushing back from the gate the pilot addressed the passengers to tell us there was a small problem with the brakes and maintenance would be called to inspect and repair them. After several announcements and hours later there was no resolution. The Air Canada ground staff had no authority to provide answers to the passenger. By 2.30am we still had zero information and the Air Canada staff told us they could not provide us with food vouchers or water. They had no access to blankets or pillows either. Families with small children and infants as well as the elderly were unfortunately required to be patient or leave the gate and go to a hotel as their own expense. By 4.30 am we were still at the gate but the flight crew was relieved of their duty and sent to a hotel. Passengers demanded answers and grew angrier but the ground crew was unable to provide any assistance as they waited for instructions from head office. By 6.30am we were told that Air Canada was trying to find hotel accommodations for the passengers but we needed to be patient. By 7.15 we were instructed to go and wait downstairs and a shuttle bus would take us to a nearby airport hotel. Again there was no assistance to escort families with children or the elderly to the shuttle bus location. By 7.45am the first of three buses arrived and we were taken to the hotel. Hotel staff told us to wait as they had not been given authority to check us in. In total the last passenger to be checked in at the hotel was processed by 10am. Air Canada Rouge is the worst airline I have ever experienced.
Our son lives in Canada. We have traveled numerous times to Toronto out of Phoenix AZ. We had not heard of AC Rouge until our son booked the flight to Toronto in the latter part of Nov. Then I started looking on the Internet about AC Rouge. We never buy food or drinks nor movies on any plane so no problem there. Flight was good other than the terrible seating i am 5'10 and my knees were touching the seat in front of me then the guy in front of me moved his reclining seat back then it made his seat about 14" from my face. Such terrible leg room makes it quite an ordeal for anybody going to the restroom.
Flew YUL-LAS a few weeks ago. First of all mechanical issues we were delayed 75 mins out of the gate. Second as most Rouge commenters here no IFE (bring your iPad for a selection of outdated movies) you get an ice-filled Coke (maybe 30 ml at best) and uncomfortable cramped seats. The fellow next to me was overweight and snored/slept on my shoulder the entire trip. They ran out of food too which angered a lot of passengers at the back. To make things worse we had no gate assigned in Vegas and sat on the tarmac for 40 mins. Luggage somehow also took an addition 35 mins. Yes it was direct from Montreal that was the only redeeming feature. However next Vegas trips in 2015 (2 of them) will be booked on other carriers (American Delta or WJ) AC Rouge will never have my money huge contrast with the main airline which that is average at best.
Air Canada Rouge is not recommended for tall people due to the extremely cramped legroom in economy class. Flew from YVR-LAS on Air Canada Rouge the seat is very disappointing very little legroom. It's like sardines being packed into a can. Staff service was okay. Food was average and they really need to improve the inflight entertainment. The things I would say to improve Air Canada Rouge is to increase legroom to at least 33" inches. And Premium Rouge on Boeing 767 aircraft should have flat bed seating instead of cheap recliners. Think about it Air Canada Rouge. Do something that can improve customer/inflight service.
Must say I'm very sad that the Air Canada Vancouver to Maui flight is now Rouge. I typically fly that route 3x per year. I have chosen to fly AC over Westjet for years because of the comfort. Well it isn't comfortable anymore. Shame on you Air Canada! I feel like I should say something positive first - the staff are young and fresh. Now the negative: First it was the most I have ever paid for a flight to Maui $1400. That doesn't seem like a budget airline to me. I felt like I was being gouged. Secondly it is first time I have arrived with a sore back. The seats look not bad but they are horrible!! I'm not tall so the space was Ok but the seats the worst possible design for your back and they barely recline at all. I'm dreading the night flight back! Finally the wifi entertainment system (that I was actually looking forward to) has an old and poor selection of movies and TV shows transmits in very low resolution and crashes every 10 minutes or so. I did persevere with one movie but had to restart it at least 7 times. Bye bye Air Canada! I've always been a supporter but think I'll be booking with Westjet next time.
If Rouge were indeed a discount airline at discount pricing I would get it. But it's not. You pay full fare to sit with your knees in your chin to have inflight entertainment that is older than my grandfather and food that isn't fit to be served to livestock. Truly a race to the bottom. Old Air Canada slogan "We're not happy unless you're not happy" Sad but very true. 5 hours from Toronto to St Martin. Suicide would have been less painful.
Yes it was a great deal but c'mon! The staff was just ok no TV's or screens but you can rent an iPad for $10.? Like we are already not paying enough to airlines. No music stations either. The only advantage of my flight was that no one was next to me (sheer luck!) so I was able to stretch and sleep. The plane was dirty and you can see that the sides on the floor have not been vacuumed or cleaned in a long time.
Just returned Vancouver/Maui return in worst flight of my life. Air Canada switched to Air Rouge after we had paid for business class and value for money was atrocious. Both ways drink tray would not pull out and only one reading light worked. Used warm facecloth to wipe down table top and arm rest (filthy). Table tray in arm rest reduced seat width. No lumbar support in seat. Middle row had to ask to have reading lights turned off for whole section on return (red eye) flight so they could sleep. Food on flight over acceptable breakfast meal on return flight edible. The only 2 good things I can say about the complementary IPads are: didn't have to pay for it in Premium Rouge and I finally learned how to play Angry Birds because the movie selection was "thin". Staff were "preppy" and helpful but they must be exhausted by having to constantly apologize "we're working on it" when customers complain. On return flight there was no AC on the ground in Maui and then when airborne economy class passengers froze and we sweltered in Premium Rouge. I will never fly this airline again and will think twice about AC overall.
Vegas from Toronto. When I called them to book specific seats I was on hold for over 45 mins. When I spoke to the travel site about this they said this is quite normal. We couldn't print boarding passes from their site. When called Rouge it was another 1 hour on hold. She said there seemed to be a problem with the site and to just print them out at the airport. We paid extra ($160 for 2 people/round trip) to seated by the emergency seats for the extra leg room. There seemed to be a problem with their heating because it was freezing the whole time. The food was bland and cold within seconds of receiving it. The flight attendants took forever to carry out requests.
I am an Altitude 50K member and have been for several years. I use Air Canada a lot. I swear it is the best airline in the Star Alliance and at least the Top 5 world wide. I traveled to Las Vegas this past weekend and was relegated to 'Rouge' because Air Canada does not fly there any longer. If you want to fly AC to Vegas - you must be rouged. The airfare (Flex) was more expensive (21% to be exact) then the Flex fare for September 2013. There are no amenities. No inflight entertainment. Oh sure you can watch a stream on your ipad or iphone - but there is no way to keep your device charged because in this the 21st Century some engineer decided there was no need for power supplies. Force people to watch on their electronic devices but don't allow them to charge. I used my upgrade points to 'Premium Economy' - although the ticketing laughingly refers to it as Business class. Seats are the same size as in economy no power no entertainment and yet - the same amount of credits are required. Thank god they at least had more leg room. But that's all they had. My food was adequate beverage service was slow and there are only 12 seats to serve. In the spring as I will be forced to Rouge again - and it will be the last and final time. I could go on but why bother. United Airlines here I come.
We just came back from the Dominican Republic and all I have to say about Air Canada Rouge is that the aircraft and staff are ok but the seats are the worst I have encountered and I have been flying since the early 60's. The seat basically has no bottom cushion. It is hard and extremely uncomfortable. The pitch between the seats is OK if you are 5 feet 2 but otherwise your knees hit the front seat and if by chance the front passenger reclines OUCH!!! The seat cushion is also not long enough and offers no thigh support. I will never ever fly Air Canada Rouge again until they change their seats.
Just returned from Maui originally booked business class AC and were switched to Premium Rouge without adjustment in our fare. Flight over on 5 Dec was good but drink tray broken and my reading light would not come on. Food very good and drink selection excellent. Seat area filthy and when I wiped the table tops and arm rest with my warm towelette it came back black. Inflight use of IPad nice but the system kept freezing up and having to be restarted. Flight Maui to Vancouver 14 December was awful. Air conditioner turned off on tarmac so we roasted until after take off then we still roasted in Premium and Economy froze. Same broken seat issues. Not all of the inflight IPad items were working. Crew seemed disorganized (took 45 mins to deliver breakfast trays and not all 24 people in Premium bothered to eat). Coffee offered on an individual basis Once). Overall we were terribly disappointed. My husband is an AC Elite/Altitude flyer but we have decided to go with another carrier on our Europe trip this fall. We will never fly Air Rouge and when we go back to Maui it will be with Westjet or Alaska Airline.
We generally find our experience in overseas travel "average" on AC compared to other airlines but our first Rouge flight to Honolulu was nightmare for us. We travel back and forth to NZ frequently. We understand the YYZ - HNL is a new service but we would encourage AC to rethink making such a long flight and large plane a Rouge flight - it just doesn't work. The cabin crew were inexperienced and completely overwhelmed. We were 4 hours into a 10 hour flight before we were offered even a glass of water. Another 4 hours before we saw them again. The back and forth required to supply meals iPad etc to passengers made the rest of the flight service very sub-standard. Once you got your iPad the entertainment selection was the worst I have ever experienced in my long years of flying. For long overseas flights (yes this is every bit an long haul international flight) AC should retain the standard approach of meals and drinks supplied at appropriate times. It was unfair to the crew and unfair to the passengers. The nickel and diming for every single thing is ridiculous (to have to pay for a blanket when the people by the windows are freezing is inhumane!) I doubt most people want their vacation to begin with such a sour experience. Even at the risk of a few more dollars on the ticket. I am sure most passengers left the flight feeling tired hungry thirsty cold and bored. We did.
HNL- YVC 15-12-14. We had been advised that our return flight was to be with AC Rouge. Having read a number of negative items concerning Rouge we were not expecting anything different. However we went with an open mind. The crew were professional and gave good service considering that it was a red eye flight. Departure and arrival were both timely. We sat in preferred seating which was much better than the regular economy seating. The seats were comfortable however did not recline too much. From a safety perspective I was unable to hear some of the announcements. There was no track lighting in the aisles. The overhead directional lighting did not work. Overall the aircraft 767-300 was clean. The toilets were cleaner than other AC flights that I have taken. The food for purchase was good however way overpriced. The funky uniforms of the flight attendants could be more professional. Ditch the hats. This is considered a no frills concept. They didn't miss the mark in that statement. The cost however is greater than mainline AC. I downloaded the AC Rouge APP and viewed some of the movies etc. They could do better as a lot of the downloads were old. For example I love Lucy Auntie Maime etc. Not worth purchasing the $10.00 iPad usage. Would I fly AC Rouge again? Firstly we fly every year to Hawaii. AC provided good service and we enjoyed those flights. We will no longer fly AC Rouge.
I might as well join the ranks of most of the reviewers Travel AC1810 29 Nov YYZ-CUN B767 and AC1813 6 Dec CUN-YYZ A319. Both flights on time Inflight service about the same as AC mainline Inflight entertainment not bad but content very dated. Seat comfort - B767 leg room about the same as a lot of Westjets B737 A319 leg room my wife is 5'6" she didn't enjoy the return flight at all I" 6'4' and scored the 18F emergency exit window (no 17F in front of you) so legroom wasn't an issue with me this time if I haven't been able to score 18F I know I would have been in for a world of pain. The seat has very little padding and the front on the seat is angled down so you feel like you could slide off the seat. As for recommending to others if you are travelling to a Sun Spot for holidays you have very little choice for a comfortable non stop flight these days on any Canadian carriers. The trend is squeezing more seats on an aircraft world-wide and passenger comfort is impacted.
Air Canada Rouge is a service that should be eliminated. I paid for a preferred seat on a flight from Toronto Ontario to Liberia Costa. The seat was cramped and I am average weight at 5'7". There are only 3 sandwich offerings of which they ran out of one before the flight was a third complete. If you need to use the toilet facilities it is difficult as the carts were frequently in the aisles blocking the access to the only bathrooms at the rear of the plane. When I asked if I could use the toilet in the Premium section I was told I had to wait until the beverage service was complete in my section. When the attendant was not looking I used the Premium toilets. The fact that you must use your own devices to watch movies is the biggest money extraction ploy. There were no plugs to recharge devices. Staff were pleasant but working in difficult circumstances. Never will I use this service again.
My husband I recently flew on Rouge YYC-LAS return. We were to this point both loyal AC customer and my husband is Super Elite. Air Canada Rouge is a step back air travel! The seats are cramped my husband is 5'10" and his knees were touching the seat in front of him. And that was without them reclining! The flight was very cramped and uncomfortable. I cannot imagine a long haul flight with this airline. Well in fact we won't do it. The entertainment system is terrible a bunch of old movies I have already seen. Doesn't even come close to Air Canada's system. I will not fly Rouge again it is a discount airline that costs the same. And they just announced Air Canada is rolling out domestic Rouge flights from YYC. VERY disappointing. Guess we will be flying WestJet a lot more from now on.
This airline demonstrates that it is a race to the bottom. I flew from Calgary to Vancouver on a regular AC flight - fine - I had 6 inches between my knees and the seat in front. From Vancouver to San Francisco my knee was jammed into the wire support for the magazine holder attached to the seat in front. Why? This was not a leisure trip - it was business - and I booked on AC.com not Rouge.com. I could not open my laptop. I got a water about 2 hours in when we stared the descent. Air Canada did have a little Rouge Logo on next to the flight. I will be avoiding that logo in the future. The upbeat uniforms and the Fedora made me even more annoyed.
Manchester - Toronto. This is without doubt the worst airline in the world. And its up against some pretty stiff competition such as Ryanair Air Asia and Spirit. I am now reluctant to use the brilliant main line Air Canada just in case they change the route to a Rouge. I hope the executives see the reviews - they have created a dreadful airline and I wonder how long it will be until this airline is wound up.
While the services associated with flying have been going downhill in the US I just can't believe the return flight I had from Phoenix to Toronto. I am 5' 11" and I had zero leg room on my flight. There were other passengers around me who were all looking bewildered and as a group the feeling was "really". So after we boarded they started playing up the rental revenue pitch for iPADS and the app they have for watching on your personal device but here is a clue AC. Why not make an announcement in the terminal area before the flight so you can download the app that you need to watch on your personal device. Absolutely nothing positive about this airline. They were not less expensive and cattle are treated with more respect. I will never fly Air Canada again because of this experience.
Having Just flown Air Canada Rouge Toronto to Dublin Ireland I would comment that the seats are much smaller than normal Air Canada flights. The seat padding is non existent there is no entertainment unless you have an apple device no other devices work and given that android is at least 1/2 of the market they should also work. Generally I will never fly Rouge or for that matter Air Canada again.
Kahului Maui to Vancouver. Flight 1828 on Dec 4. We booked a regular AC flight. It was changed to Rouge. It was without a doubt the worst flight we have had and we fly quite often. The seats are hard. The seat recline is negligible. We are tall (6'4") and it was impossible to sit with knees forward. The plane was very noisy. We had another flight booked with regular AC which was also changed to Rouge. I cancelled and received a full refund.
We flew to Rome in September on AC and were booked on AC Rouge out of Venice. We assumed that Rouge was just a marketing gimmick. Were we wrong. Upon boarding the new 767 we all thought our 9 hour flight to Toronto would be relaxing. Then we got under way and the surprises kept coming. Cramped seats barely recognizable food no monitors for entertainment. The stewardesses took the brunt of criticism for AC Rouges lack of communicating that in fact ACR is actually a no frills carrier. Not cheaper but "no frills". Add to that $ 6.50 for a warm 4 oz. white wine and $ 10.00 for an Ipad and you get the feeling that perhaps Rouge should re-think a strategy that will cost them customers.
My wife and I flew to Phoenix mid November on Rouge. It was our first experience with Rouge not by choice and it will be the last. We flew about 5 hours each way sitting in very cramped conditions very little room when trying to walk down the aisle (passengers are not going to get out of that plane in an emergency situation) and a pathetic entertainment system. My wife found she could not turn the pages of her magazine as it lay on the table without hitting the seat back because it was so close to her. It was an almost impossible task to try to reach down to grab a bag under the seat. Flight crew did not address my concerns that I voiced twice assuring me they would come back that the seat if front of me was fully reclined (which isn't much with Rouge by the way) during landing giving me almost no space between me and the setback. My wife and I agree that we will make sure we do not fly Rouge again flying the competition instead.
Aeroplan member since 1987. Went out of my way to fly AC (even if it was a few $$ more). It's now done. AC Rouge from Las Vegas to YYZ. Full disclosure we "lucked into" front row of economy with 35" seat pitch so was not too bad however looking at those crammed into 29" pitch seats made me squirm. There are plenty of other options at the same price. After 25 loyal years I will now go out of my way to avoid AC.
I had my first experience on AC Rouge this week with a flight to and then return from Las Vegas. I am a very frequent flier almost exclusively with AC logging about 75 flights per year. Business class pretty much all the time because of upgrades. Wow this was an unpleasant surprise. Horrible seating-cramped with marginal width in the seat and little leg room. Old planes I guess so the lack of quality in flight entertainment (iPads with video choices matching the age of the planes). All this for the price of regular AC Business Class! I will never fly Rouge again.
YYZ-MCO is a new low for Air Canada. This is a flight that is filled with parents and children headed to the wonderful world of Orlando and most of them have come to expect the TVs and other amenities to be a part of AC flights. That is no longer the case - no TVs no plugs and no leg room leads to a very uncomfortable flight for all. I'm a AC super elite passenger and do anything I can to avoid taking the rouge flight including driving 3 hours to Fort Lauderdale to catch the AC proper flight.
While the service is similar to a regular Business Class flight on Air Canada the seating is in no way business or premium. The seats are narrow with limited leg room - there is no arm rest or power outlets. The large pillows you receive take up the centre seat as a business traveler if I pay more and I expect more from Air Canada.
Rouge is to be avoided whenever possible. I have travelled both in Economy and in their "Premium Class" which is the same economy seat with the middle seat left unsold. A few inches greater leg room but with a huge increase in price. Air Canada has made a huge miscalculation.
Toronto to Phoenix in Premium Rouge and was was very disappointed with the quality of this section. Instead of wider seats the seats are three across with middle seat blocked. I'm not impressed with the iPad entertainment system either. On other AC flights one can start watching a movie while still on the ground. In this case we were several minutes in the air before getting the iPad. The selection of movies and TV programs was poor and not to my taste at all. The staff were friendly but were absent a lot. I will avoid Air Canada Rouge in the future.
Flew from Honolulu to Vancouver AC Rouge Nov. 29th 2014. This was a very disappointing flight for many of the following reasons. Changed our tickets from AC to AC Rouge. No leg room and we are not tall. Seats uncomfortable. I completely froze all night long. I requested a blanket and they said yes for eight dollars. No entertainment unless you pay ten dollars for an iPad unable to see the safety demo.. Unable to sleep as crew in seat behind us talked and laughed all night. We will not fly AC Rouge again.
Recent flight on Air Canada rouge was terrible. The seats were so uncomfortable and narrow. The "new" entertainment they couldn't get working. This flight was terrible and unfortunately I have three more flights booked with them. My mother was in Premium Rouge and the seats weren't much wider and yet they charge hundreds more. My advise is don't waste your money. Pick another option any option is better than Air Canada rouge.
Paid extra for premium seats which were no better than economy on a regular flight. Leg room was horrible. Service from attendants was the worse I have had on any flight ever! The worst thing of all is that now flying direct from Toronto to Vegas this is all I can get unless I take the red eye. These flights should only be flying locally and no more than 1.5 hr flights.
Less for more. London(ON)-Toronto-Tampa return on Rouge. Small seats and no screens so it was impossible to see the safety demonstration. 3 cabin crew who were expected to serve close to 200 passengers. On the way down one toilet was closed and on the way back one toilet had no water for washing but the crew had thoughtfully put a few packs of handwipes in the toilet. Drinks while going up in price arrived pre-poured not cans of mix and miniatures.
I couldn't care less if the flight attendants are happy or sad or dressed like an 80's boy band. I also couldn't care less about the inflight entertainment or the food they serve. However I do expect a comfortable seat. At 6'2 200 lbs I was unable to move my legs throughout the flight. My knees were firmly lodged into the seat in front of me as well as a metal armrest on the widow side. I couldn't utilize the space under the seat for extra leg room because the pitch of the seats. It was without a doubt the most uncomfortable flight I have ever had to endure. Luckily the couple in front of me (the gentleman was also jammed into his seat) looked back and we're horrified by how I was crammed into the seat and didn't recline their seat back otherwise It would have been unbearable. My flight was only 2.5 hour so I can't even fathom being on a 6 or 8 hour flight with this airline. I have always been a big fan of Air Canada but I will never I repeat never fly Rouge again even if I was given tickets.
With Air Canada Rouge the travel experience has been taken to a new low. We had the unfortunate experience of flying with them to Barcelona and will never travel with them again. The planes are old. I paid extra to get an exit row and was still beyond cramped. The inflight entertainment (an extra cost requiring you rent an iPad from them) features third run movies and old television series. The food is tepid and the planes desperately needed to be cleaned. Whatever you do avoid this airline.
YYZ-LAS return. I have been a loyal AC customer and Super Elite. Air Canada Rouge is a step back in customer service and flight comfort. The seats are cramped and uncomfortable. A four hour flight and one cup of cold tea regular flights on AC the service is night and day. I will not fly Rouge again the price of a ticket is not a bargain. Extremely disappointing.
As a paraplegic I have no complaints about how the airline handled me. I have flown Air Canada for years and all that has come to a stop I flew AC 1891 on October 25th 2014. Tampa to Toronto. While I do not fault the airline for its taking off late (was boarded first 30 minutes late) As a result of rainy weather (I assume) we sat waiting on the runway for an hour. Once we did take off there was one food cart don't order food as I have found all the items disgusting (especially the veggie wrap). They also had one beverage cart. Food cart came first. I like to have a glass of wine or at least water while I fly. One hour and ten minutes in to the flight I was finally offered a beverage. I am 5 ft 4 and 125 pounds and I was packed in to the seat. If you are over 5 ft 9 I would not book AC rouge. There was zero entertainment on board. As I am accustomed to watching a film when I fly I did not bring reading material. No TV. No music no view nothing. Also to add insult to injury I flew AC rouge last time business class and don't bother. Seats are three across with a pillow in the middle seat. The seats are not comfortable and the price outrageous!
Flew from Vancouver to Honolulu on what I thought was Air Canada but was instead Rouge. It was the most uncomfortable flying experience I've had in years of travel on many airlines. Checking in at Vancouver International was handled by Air Canada ground staff in the usual courteous and efficient way but when boarding the aircraft I was surprised to see the flight attendants dresses in their ridiculous uniforms and hats and the drab decor of the aircraft. I squeezed into my seat and soon realized the next six hours were going to be an ordeal. Are you kidding me? I am very average slim 6 feet in height and I could not sit in my seat with my knees in front of me. The seats are hard barely recline and are immensely uncomfortable. The flight attendants were pleasant when they were around. No entertainment cramped seats beyond description made for a very long six hours. I am very disappointed to learn that Rouge is taking over all flights to Honolulu. This move by Air Canada is a terrible business decision. I will book with any other airline other than Rouge in the future. Never again Rouge!
Air Canada Rouge is an experiment that has to go away. I flew from Toronto to Phoenix and at 5' 10" was crammed into my seat with absolutely no leg room. The service was horrendous and many 'customers' of Air Canada were more than unhappy after the five hour flight. The wifi entertainment system complete with antiquated movies and shows was intermittent and froze at regular intervals.
I have had the unfortunate experience of having no choice but to have to fly with Air Canada 'Rouge'. Trying to make a more uncomfortable way of flying just as expensive as before sound 'cool'. I am a frequent flyer with Air Canada but I am seriously considering not flying with them anymore because of these new ways of trapping us. I am supposed to be flying to Maui in January and they get you because you have no choice but to fly Rouge for the last long leg of the journey from the west coast to Hawaii. I have flown premium (which was really not premium at all from the USA with not even a meal or drinks and I have flown economy which is smarter because you don't get much difference for how much more you have to pay.
This is the worst ever airline I have had the misfortune of flying. My husband didn't even have enough room to sit with his legs in the seat. He is 6'3". Had to sit with his legs in the aisle. The seats have a slant so that you cannot sit comfortably. The seat in front of us was in our face it is so close. This flight to Europe had food that made plastic taste good. Breakfast! A joke. There is absolutely no entertainment? Well unless you wanted to rent an iPad. If I could rate less than one star I would.
Flight 1914/1915 Sep 2014. Air Canada rouge is the worst experience I've had on an airline. I am a loyal Air Canada customer and have been flying with "status" for over 12 years and just recently flew Toronto-Barcelona in their "premium economy". The seats are incredibly hard close together and barely recline. The service is both minimal and terrible with undertrained staff who have to read the "directions" out of a book when they do the announcements. They barely served the economy customers at all and spent most of their time in the front. I will choose another airline rather than fly Rouge again.
October 5 AC 1900. I was flying from Toronto to Athens and I can only eat kosher food. When I booked I made sure to tick off that I needed kosher food and I called the day before my flight to confirm. Yet when I got on the plane they had no kosher food to speak of for me. The stewardess was completely cold and didn't even attempt to make any accommodations. I was very upset because I had a 12 hour stopover in Athens with no food on top of a 10-hour flight. I was very unimpressed.
We flew Toronto to Dublin when booking the flight it was simply Air Canada it wasn't until we were boarding we saw the air hostesses wearing those ridiculous trilby hats that I realised something wasn't quite right. Safe to say the worst flight I have been on. Very unprofessional staff the food was cold and horrible. Neither me nor my boyfriend ate it. The planes are very cramped and the seats are terribly uncomfortable. I definitely would not recommend them for a long haul flight. I paid $1200 to be squished in a seat for almost 8 hours with a rented tablet and a headphone dock that didn't work. Also when you usually travel with any airline you expect a certain level of professionalism in how the staff not only act but how they dress Air Canada Rouge staff look very scruffy. Shirts untucked unbuttoned as I said ridiculous hats just not what you would usually expect-but maybe that last part is just me!
A319 YYC to LAS return - the most uncomfortable aircraft I have ever flown in. With my seat back upright and the person in front of me reclined it 13 inches from his seatback to my nose - you don't have to think too hard to guess what the leg room was like. It amazes me to what lengths these airlines go in cramming seats into claustrophobia situations and people just take it.
My husband is just over 6 feet tall. Not abnormally tall for a man. He had the centre seat in economy and he was not able to sit with his knees in front of his body. I can't believe that air travel has stooped to such an amazing low. We flew home from San Francisco - not even a candy to pass around the cabin. Pretty sad and cheap. The staff while pleasant enough couldn't rattle off the safety spiel fast enough. I really do despair at how low air travel has fallen. Maybe the price does need to go up because this competitive cheap pricing just makes me want to spend any vacation I have at home.
By far the most uncomfortable flight I've experienced! Flew to Phoenix and back on same plane last week. Not much leg room. Tough to get out. Didn't recline seat because it will give rear passenger even less space. Felt bad for people above 5' and people with disabilities. Entertainment not worth it. Movies were outdated. Won't fly Air Canada if this is their new way of flying. Will go for West Jet!
Very disappointed with Air Canada Rouge. I thought that after reading the negative reviews online before our travels it would surely not be that bad but alas our experience was as disappointing as the many previous reviews. If you are hoping that Rouge will 'get you into the mood' for your vacation then you should seriously think about choosing a different carrier. Flew YYZ to LAS on Nov 6th 2014 on a 767. Nothing has been updated on this aircraft except for the new thinner seats. Leg space is inadequate. The carpet looked like it had not been cleaned. Reading lights did not work and after asking two crew members why not the response was 'not sure'. The poor people in the rows ahead reading lights stayed on the entire flight and could not be turned off. Inflight movie and TV selection is very poor and only available on your mobile device otherwise $10 to rent an iPad. Being a proud Canadian this is not an airline that makes me proud at all. A Star Alliance member offering this product really? You can do better. I will certainly not book on Air Canada Rouge again.
Paid for first class but we just had an empty seat between my husband and I. We feel like we were mislead and very dissatisfied with the quality of the service. Letting me use an ipad for a few hours was not worth the extra hundred's of dollars.
The worst long distance flight I have experienced - Toronto to Venice (flew Air Canada from Vancouver to Toronto). The trip from Toronto could not have been more unpleasant from staff to seating entertainment and meals. Unable to see steward giving safety information (no video equipment). Dinner was delivered consisting of pasta which had freezer burn with a tough and flavourless beef stew on top. No choices. Drinks were not offered. Managed to get some water. Breakfast was 1/2 piece of banana loaf. Coffee came in tiny cups - no refills ever offered even after request. Seats cramped - no personal control of air conditioning etc. Very cold in our section. If I had wanted to watch anything I would have had to rent an I-pad for $10 since I do not own one. Crew seemed to do a required task and then totally disappear. They were not in any way gracious or helpful. My carry on was specifically purchased to meet all the restrictions of this flight but could not fit either under the seat or in the overhead bin. I could have done this flight on another airline and wish to heaven I had - the cost would have been the same or at most only very little more. Never again! I have tried over the years to be a supporter of Air Canada and although I have had some flights which were less than advertised this one was unbelievably awful and Air Canada does not deserve any kudos for their 'discount' (not) airline!
Hands down the worst airline I've ever flown on. I spent $1000 (hardly low cost) to fly one way from Las Vegas to Toronto and even at 5'8 this is beyond uncomfortable I felt like the person in front of me was sitting on my lap and I could not even open my computer on the table. The service is similar to going into a restaurant where they are on day one of training. As a Super Elite member I truly hope Air Canada rethinks this strategy or they are certain to lose business travellers. I hear they are going to Vancouver/Calgary now as well I am not sure how those are vacation destinations.
I flew from Montreal to Barcelona on October 8. The seats were so uncomfortable. Not having a screen is really unpleasant since the space is so limited that even holding an iPad becomes difficult. The hot meal was quite good although it is really trimmed down to the bare essentials. Cheap cellophane wrapped piece of cake that is meant to be breakfast! Were is the juice? The yogurt? The fruit? Really pitiful. I will not fly Rouge again if I can help it.
YEG-BCN. Return flight late - 8 hours. Service poor - lack of professionalism no attention to detail. International flight and I had to pay for wine with a poor dinner. Poor selection of entertainment and tiny seats.
Toronto to Athens in July 2014. Narrow  hard and uncomfortable seats. Only older movies available on the in flight entertainment system using your own ipad. Cost of flight was comparable to going Air Canada and Lufthansa or Aegean with a connection so Rouge is definitely not a low cost airline. Not sure what AC's strategy is .Only benefit was that it was a direct flight rather than having to connect. Would not fly Rouge again other than perhaps on a 3 hour flight to Florida. Never again on a long haul flight.
First time on AC Rouge on March 2014. At check-in the kiosk wasn't working when I placed my CC in for the extra bag had to queue which had only 1 agent for everybody - later I found out the kiosks weren't working for anybody. At check-in the agent told me I have a standby boarding pass and the 'SSSS' on it means that I had been randomly selected for extra scrutiny. At the gate the agent called me up and gave me a seat and I asked may I have another she ignored the inquiry and said that's the only one and walked away rudely. My seat in the last row didn't recline. Entertainment system does not with android devices. During the drinks service due to turbulence they stopped serving at the last 5-6 rows and didn't bother to come back when it stopped. I asked for coffee which was served cold. In short I'm not quite sure what the purpose of AC Rouge is - to offer lower fares? The amount we paid for the ticket and the high cost to change - what value are we getting?
Toronto to Phoenix flight on Rouge. Nice staff but rotten plane. Made my way to my aisle seat and found the middle seat was taken a very big man. He had the arm rest up because he had trouble sitting in the seat. I asked politely to put the arm rest down. He spilled over the arm rest into my seat. I could see he was very uncomfortable and now I was uncomfortable as I only had half my seat and leg room. Requested another seat with attendant but no other seats available. What a long 5 hours. What is Air Canada doing with these Rouge planes. Entertainment on iPads is terrible. Where did all the new movies go?
Very disappointed Air Canada rouge. No entertainment systems! Surprised we had to provide our own iPads but really no big deal. Selection of movies to watch is poor. Such cramped leg room for economy passengers I'm only 5'10 and couldn't sit far enough back in seat without knees digging in to seat in front of me couldn't wait to land so I could stand up. Most uncomfortable flight ever. Some complimentary drinks but no free snack either.
I am a larger than average man. The seats on my flight were completely inadequate. The flight from YYZ to PHX is 4.30 long. Installing the same seats as economy and blocking one off does allow for the ergonomic support I require. Surprised upon boarding and very upset with the experience. I hope the larger seats will come back. Hope changes on this route are forthcoming or I will look for other alternatives.
I have been flying rouge pretty much every week from YVR to SFO. Fares have been ridiculously high (more then 550$ each way for a 2 hour flight). Thus this is not a low cost carrier but they still want to provide a LCC service and discomfort. The only thing saving this airline is the crew. They are usually friendly. Seats are extremely close to each other to the point that most people can't fit (I am pretty slim and only 5'10"). In addition rouge plus is not worth the extra money (no AVOD and normal economy class seat).
My first time flying AC Rouge and AC since 2008. October 18 from Dorval flight 1820 to Cancun. Delayed 4 hours due to mechanical defect. After more than 2 hours the replacement part was not compatible so we were instructed that we will change planes. Did not mind this as safety is important and mechanical parts do brake. So we were moved to an airport bus and communication stops waiting observing but nobody was telling us what was going on. Almost 2 hours goes by before we're ready to go. Two hours into the flight we're hoping to eat but by row 15 they ran out of meals. Nobody thought of getting additional meals (as it took 4 hours before taking off) as AC Rouge do not carry a meal for every passenger. So after 8 hours and 15 minutes we land into Cancun. A little hungry! Staff were somewhat smiling no one thought of explaining what they were up against. You know we could have been more understanding with some explanation. The return 1821 was better I just brought my bag of chips just in case.
On Monday Oct. 6 3 friends and I took Air Canada Rouge #1909 from Dublin to Toronto. We sat in seats 30CA and 31CA. As soon as the plane taxied off we noticed the reading lights did not work. Since there were no screens on the seats in front of us there was not much to do except read which we could scarcely do since it was so dark. Then it got colder and colder. We noticed it was nice and warm further back in the plane but really cold where we were. The blankets were so thin they did not help. It was quite uncomfortable. I suggest something has to be done about that uneven heating system. All told it was a most unenjoyable flight.
Seat was hard thin padding and armrest controls were annoying bare cabin. Seat not wide enough for thighs to rest on and I am 53. Seats very close together. Crew were kind. We flew from Toronto to Dublin and I would not use this airline again. We tried to contact the airline to upgrade in case we were on Rouge to return and could not reach them overnight in Dublin but fortunately we took a regular Air Canada from Heathrow to Vancouver - Heathrow not greatest airport for flight changes with heavy security.
Flew from LAX to Vancouver (round trip). Crew were friendly. Plan ahead and download Air Canada app so you can watch free stuff on your iPad. We brought our 6 year old son. He sat in the middle of three seats which made the flight more enjoyable since leg room was cramped.
Flew Air Canada Rouge from Vancouver/Canada to LA/USA and then Las Vegas to Vancouver. Whoever designed this airplane seating plan should have been designing Sardine cans. At 5 feet-11.5 inches tall it was brutal with absolutely no leg room with the seat in front of me indenting my knee-caps. Both trips were the same (brutal). The only saving moment was my seat was an aisle seat allowing me to figet with one leg in the aisle. I'm never flying Rouge again!
YUL to Athens flight 1902 14/08/30. Athens to YUL flight AC1903 14/09/20. We flew from Montreal to Athens last month. We were very disappointed by the flight services the food and by the entertainment system. That was a 9 hours flight. Never again. A mistake to take Air Canada Rouge.
Flew from Vancouver to LAX. Started to feel anxious once I sat in the seat and felt like I was in a straight jacket. My first thought was "how can an Airline treat it's paying customers like this". I am 5'10" and could not sit with my legs together as they would bump into the seat in front of me. I didn't care about the lack of food or entertainment because it was a short flight. I would be concerned about Deep Vein Thrombosis if I was on a longer flight. I will never fly Air Canada Rouge again unless it is in the Premium section.
Flew Rouge from YVR to LAX. Unfriendly cabin crew cramped seats and horrible service staff made this the worst experience I've had flying in a long time. I've heard of road rage but this almost gave me the first case of flight rage. Avoid them at all costs don't even think about them for transatlantic or flights >3 hours.
We recently flew to Athens from Toronto through Air Canada Vacations. Although the planes were new both going and coming home and the staff were friendly and professional we have never been more uncomfortable on a plane. The flight home was full and our seats were in the last row of the middle section with the bathrooms behind so we couldn't even recline our seats (the extra 4 inches). We are both tall and it was an agonizing 10 1/2 hour flight. I believe Rouge would be okay for short domestic flights but not the long flight we had to Athens.
Air Canada rouge got it right when they claimed that "You've never flown leisure like this before."b What an unbelievably horrible - and expensive - travel experience. Air Canada's attempt to save money is clearly "charge the same high fare for bare-bones travel". In short there's not much more that I can say that hasn't already been said but here it goes: - Cheaply made and poorly designed seats that are so tightly packed together that anyone taller than 4'8" is going to be uncomfortable. - Brand new flight attendants who bad-mouth their employer in the back of the cabin in front of customers. - Surly customer service reps at the airports - obviously dealing with the stress of unhappy customers. - Bare-bones service overall.I flew non-stop from Toronto to San Diego and this was my first and will be my last trip ever on rouge. It may also be my last trip on Air Canada. Absolutely abysmal.
I have Florida flight passes. I don't think I will purchase again. Rouge is terrible. I would rather pay a little more and fly Air Canada. Like most frequent travellers think Rouge is terrible and Air Canada should admit it was a terrible idea. The branding is terrible as are the attendant's outfits the food is bad the premium seats are uncomfortable. I can't imagine flying coach. The entertainment is a good idea if you offer premium movies and wifi to all.
September 30 2014 I flew home to Canada from Athens. It was an 11-hour flight and it was the worst flight I have flown. I did not know about Rouge. My flights were booked by an agent and I was not warned about the details of this economy-class flight. I did not know that there was no on-board entertainment and that I would have to rent an I-pad or that the seats were cramped and that I would have to pay for any alcoholic beverages. I am used to flying transatlantic on a regular Air Canada flight to Heathrow or to Frankfurt and those flights have been comfortable and enjoyable. This flight from Athens was a nightmare crowded with uncooperative passengers who insisted on standing in the aisles visiting with their friends and refusing to sit down when asked to do so when we hit turbulence. The staff did their best - they had my sympathy. I will continue to fly Air Canada but never Rouge again. When I can I will fly transatlantic on European carriers out of Montreal (Air France or KLM). WestJet has my vote for trans-Canada travel. I am disappointed with Air Canada and with my travel agent as well. I don't know that this flight was any cheaper and I would have liked to have been warned about what to expect and given the chance to say an emphatic no.
On boarding a flight from Tampa I was shocked to find that what this airline calls business class consists of placing you in an economy sized seat with standard leg room. The only extra feature was that an empty seat was left between A and C. I fly business class largely to acquire a larger and more comfortable seat. With Rouge you pay for business class seats but you do not get them. Further you are not warned of this when you book your flight. The information provided indicates no difference between Rouge business class seats and regular business class seats. This is a deceptive practice and Air Canada should be required to post proper information on this matter. In any case I will never consider using Rouge again.
We recently flew Toronto to Dublin booked through RBC rewards. I have flown AC for 30+ years. This was my first and last Rouge flight. I received a meal as a diabetic my wife didn't get any food at all on a 6 hour flight. Fortunately we hit a Tim Horton's a leaving Toronto. I hadn't informed myself of the no entertainment options or I would have brought my iPad. Food service for my wife was a dry bagel and water. Not the best start to a dream vacation. If my return portion of the flight was on Rouge I would just have stayed in Europe. Fortunately it was on Lufthansa with decent entertainment options and two meals free wine and snacks. Never again as many reviewers have said.
I was very disappointed in my latest flight on Air Canada Rouge from Dublin to Toronto on October 6 2014. The plane had no reading lights for the entire flight. Also the seat I sat in was very cold as cold air blew over it for the entire flight. The problem seemed to affect only 2 or 3 rows so no adjustment could be made. The attendants brought several people an extra blanket but they ran out so I did not even have that comfort. It was an extremely uncomfortable flight for over 7 hours. I will do my best to avoid Air Canada Rouge flights in the future.
This was my first time with this airline and I flew LAX to Vancouver. The seats were shockingly tight both in width and in distance from the seat in front. The person in front of me reclined and my face was inches from the back of their seat. I didn't recline because I thought it would be incredibly rude to the person behind me since I already could feel their knees in my back. I couldn't cross my legs the entire trip. After 2+ hours this experience could easily become unbearable. I see air rage in their future. Luckily for me no one sat in the middle seat so the passenger in the aisle and I used that seat to lower the tray and it helped our spill over since the width is so narrow. I am 5'5 and 130 lbs. The space was too small for me! I travel frequently for work. This will be the first time I will complain about an airline and the first time I refuse to travel on an airline. I heard the company was able to jam an extra 11 rows through this configuration. Shame on them.
Air Canada 1865 MCO-YYZ May 4 2014. Avoid Air Canada Rouge like the plague. The seats are so cramped that at 5'7" I cannot sit without cramping up my legs. There is no entertainment unless you pay exorbitant rental fees. No room for your computer. No food. The person next to you must place their elbows in your face because they have no room either. Being ScRouged is the worst airline experience ever.
I flew Toronto-Phoenix and I'm still regretting it. Not only the price wasn't competitive (around CAD 800) it was the least comfortable flight I've taken in the past 5 years (and I travel roughly once a month). There is no legroom no inflight entertainment no snacks. You have to bring your own device to entertain yourself but on a 5 hour flight that is impossible given that they don't even provide power to recharge your laptop. The options available aren't good either. TV show reruns and movie classics. Nothing you haven't watched at home on a Sunday. This airline proves we'll end up being stacked on top of each other like boxes during flights soon so they can increase their revenue.
I recently travelled with my husband on Air Canada Rouge and was not pleased by the experience. My husband is 6'2 and his knees hit the seat in front of him and that was before the lady in front reclined! She should be allowed to recline as that's the type of seats that the airline claims to be selling but it shouldn't have been at the price of the person sitting behind her. If you didn't recline seats were very rigid and uncomfortable. Staff were ok but that was the only decent thing about the flight. Unfortunately this airline apparently tries to save weight by choosing not to stock their food and drink selection so the flight attendants weren't actually able to meet most peoples request. People were very frustrated by the cramped space limited food and overall crummy flight and some took it out on the flight attendants. This airline obviously cares as little about their employees as their customers since they choose to put their flight attendants in these situations. We called ahead of time to try and switch airlines since we originally booked with Air Canada's regular airline and wanted what we had initially booked. The lady on the phone assured us that the reviews on here were false and the Rouge service was the same as their regular service. Absolutely not true and I do not intend to fly with Air Canada Rouge ever again if I can help it.
Abysmal. Where do I start? 1) This is their "Luxury Class" airline? I'd like to see their definition of "luxury" because while mine might include massages and such having my backside massaged for five hours by the knees of the tall guy in the seat behind mine (through the cheap seat) isn't what I had in mind. 2) Service? For one they don't actually have much service other than basic drinks and bad food (must be purchased). The flight attendants are really young. The outbound crew spent most of the time in the back bitching about their schedulers and how horrid it is to work for the airline. 3) Comfort? I'm short. Just shy of 5'2". I've been on amusement park rides that lock me in less securely than I was on my "rouge" flights. Seriously. When the person in front of my reclined I was locked in for hours and didn't even have access to my items on the floor in front of me. 4) Flight options? Surprise! The only non-stop flight to my destination was on rouge. Cheap seats for an expensive flight. (Even more expensive because I was using a previously unused ticket that first required a 90 min wait to even talk to an AC rep and then required a $235 surcharge to change and included a loss of several hundred $ that I think could have been used towards Business Class for at least one direction.) Worse customer service ever. In short never again. This is a hypocritical "hip" new service that is best avoided at all cost. What an embarrassment. I will avoid Air Canada - and Air Canada rouge - at all costs.
I initially booked an Air Canada flight (LAX-YVR return) but after a while I was told by e-mail that my itinerary had been changed to Air Canada Rouge. Fortunately the timing of the flights was similar to those I booked. The flight was OK but the seating was too tight (and I am not a tall person).
Seats are narrow and hard .If you are taller than 5ft 8 then your knees will be jammed into the row in front of you. Unreal and no entertainment TV nothing on a 5-6 hour flight. Class act have been flying AC for 29 years and never knew rouge was 3rd rate flight at best. Avoid at all costs.
Had my first experience with Air Canada Rouge and will never use it again. It was by far the worst flight experience I have ever had. The cabin was extremely cramped and my knees were stuck in the back of the passenger in front of me for the entire flight. The check in girl was no treat either. It is a new low for Air Canada.
I recently travelled with my husband on Air Canada Rouge and was not pleased by the experience. My husband is 6'2 and his knees hit the seat in front of him and that was before the lady in front reclined! She should be allowed to recline as that's the type of seats that the airline claims to be selling but it shouldn't have been at the price of the person sitting behind her. If you didn't recline seats were very rigid and uncomfortable. Staff were OK but that was the only decent thing about the flight. Unfortunately this airline apparently tries to save weight by choosing not to stock their food and drink selection so the flight attendants weren't actually able to meet most peoples request. People were very frustrated by the cramped space limited food and overall crummy flight and some took it out on the flight attendants. This airline obviously cares as little about their employees as their customers since they choose to put their flight attendants in these situations. We called ahead of time to try and switch airlines since we originally booked with Air Canada's regular airline and wanted what we had initially booked. The lady on the phone assured us that the reviews on here were false and the Rouge service was the same as their regular service. Absolutely not true and I do not intend to fly with Air Canada Rouge ever again if I can help it.
Traveled to Las Vegas last week on Rouge for the 1st and last time. I am 6' tall and do not fit in the seat as my knees were pushing into the back of the passenger ahead of me. This passenger seated in the seat ahead of me was upset at the fact my knees were in her back but after getting up and looking at my predicament was understanding of the situation. The flight I was on was full of people partying. Instead of trying to subdue the rowdiness the Rouge flight attendants were joining the party. I finally looked at the attendant and asked her to keep her voice down and it would be nice if she would ask the other passengers to do the same. She looked at me as if I was doing something wrong. I was sitting on the aisle my companion next to me in the middle and a young man in the window seat who never actually sat in his seat but instead on the arm rest facing us with his feet on the seat and yelling loudly to all his friends sitting around us. The Rouge staff never once asked him to calm down and actually were laughing and joking with him and his friends. FYI this was a night flight which normally would have been a flight where catching a nap for a few hours would have been normal. It was so loud I could not hear the movie I was watching with my head phones. In future I will never fly Rouge again. I would rather take a different airline with a stop over than this direct flight again! Extremely disappointing!
I have flown rouge 2 times once to Nassau and once to Sarasota. I am 6 foot 1 and cannot sit in a normal position in the seats. I have to sit down into the seat and then twist my knees either to the left or right. That is the only position that I am able to sit in during the flight and that is assuming the person in front of me does not recline the seat. If that happens yours knees will be crushed. For short haul flights like these (3hrs) you can suck it up for a great price unfortunately I have been flying these routes for years and the fares are exactly the same as they were regular with Air Canada mainline. This is a scam and they are making an enormous amount of money off passengers like us that have decided to pay the same fares yet give up comfort entertainment and sanity! The thing is that this will not last over time more and more passengers will see what rouge has to offer and avoid it at all costs.
Terrible experience: 10 hours to Athens from Montreal. No video screens rude flight attendants. Minimal food and beverage. Avoid this airline at all cost.
Flew from Montreal to Athens. The plane was very new and clean I had one of the most relaxing trips because the plane was empty if all the seats were taken I am sure my experience will be very different. The staff were not bad but after dinner no one saw them until breakfast. I found the cabin air very dry and the staff not once offered water or any other liquid. If the plane was not as full maybe I will fly them again. My trip satisfaction rate is high because the plane was empty and I had three seats to myself.
I travel extensively. I am gold/platinum on both United and Delta. Recently moved back to Canada after living in US for 3.5 years. Have been dismayed by Air Canada both by the high prices and poor service. But the worst is AC Rouge. Just travelled 2 trips one to Las Vegas and the other to Orlando. The first was in "premium" class the other in economy. Both have been among my worst flights in each category. Even surprised regulations allow such cramped seats in economy. I will do everything to avoid Rouge in the future even if it means making a connection as opposed to a direct flight.
I flew Manchester - Toronto then onto Charlotte plane was late arriving Toronto and missed connection. I was told I would have to fly to Baltimore to get connection next morning. By the time I got to the hotel I had been travelling 23 hrs since leaving home. My luggage did not arrive in Baltimore despite being told it would be there when I arrived. I rang air Canada luggage services from Baltimore and was told there was no record of my luggage tag on their system and it should be in Charlotte when I arrive it was not by chance I was in the airport to meet a customer the following day and it was being pushed on a trolley so could claim it. I know these things happen but it is the total lack of any care or response from Air Canada that is my gripe. Premier seats were good both ways food was ok ipad idea does not work where do you put them when drinks /food arrives maybe Velcro on back of seat would help so it can be suspended and does not need to be held.
We usually fly to Vegas via Montreal. We live in Ottawa and there are very few direct flights. This time we went via Toronto to Vegas. We flew Rouge. What a disappointment! The planes are old. There is no PTV and if you do rent an iPad the movies featured are old. The overhead luggage compartment was full so some people were asked to check their luggage because it would not fit. Luckily we had booked seats in front so we had good leg room. The flight attendants were very attentive but you could tell they lacked the experience of the veteran flight attendants. When we returned from Toronto to Ottawa we flew a regular Air Canada flight and you could tell the difference. What has happened to Air Canada?
We flew Rouge from Toronto to Venice because it was a direct flight. The outbound plane was older and the seats are definitely too small and too close together. God help you if you had someone in front of you that wanted to recline! The crew however were young and more friendly than most we've had in a long time. Seemed to be more flight attendants also. Our return trip was on a newer plane and the crew were again very friendly and helpful but the seating was the same. People need more room!. We were aware of the inflight entertainment option with iPads but were surprised at the few old movie choices and offerings. These flights were too long to have such limited entertainment. I'm glad that AC has changed its mind about Rouge to Barbados.
San Diego on September 30 2014 and returned to Toronto on October 6th. On the positive side the flight left on time and the crew was pleasant and tried to accommodate passenger requests. We sat in row 25 and by the time the crew made it to that row much of the food selection was sold out however the crew offered the few items left in the carts and were very accommodating. My key issue is seating space. I am 6 foot 1 inch tall and thin. As you can imagine getting into those Rouge seats was an issue and sitting in that cramp space for over 5 hours proved to be very uncomfortable. They really need to put a “warning” on the booking site to say that “Rouge seats will not accommodate passengers over 6 feet tall”. Sorry to say but this will be our last Rouge flight and I will be sure to let family friends and acquaintances know how tight the seating is and to avoid at all cost. I just can’t imagine surviving a trip overseas.
Travelled Toronto to Athens and return on this cut-rate airline that has cut everything but the rates. Staff members on both flights with one exception were disengaged disinterested and at times downright rude to passengers. I am determined never to travel Rouge again.
Very cramped space. No leg room unless you upgrade your seat or are in an exit row. The seats are narrow and uncomfortable. I would never recommend rouge. If the flights were really cheap I would understand that these are trade-offs. The only saving grace is that the flight attendants were very friendly and professional.
I am a regular AC traveller Vancouver to wherever x 25 years. I had my first Rouge experience this week to Dublin and was shocked and disgusted with all aspects of the flight. Staff seem to have been selected from Tim Hortons lineup and given camp counsellor training. With an average age of 21 I would not trust them to lead me out of my house much less off an airplane. Food inedible seats hard and tight and what an insult to not be told that there was no entertainment system onboard and a charge for a glass of wine. When I complained I was told that AC always charges for wine which is not the case on the regular long haul flights. Take offence when extra charges are sprung on me (iPad). I paid same as I would have for route through Heathrow: never again a Rouge flight.
I had my first and hopefully last Air Rouge trip - one way from Nassau. I'm a petite woman and I have never been so uncomfortable in a plane in spite of having an aisle seat. While it was slightly tolerable for the 3 hour flight I see that Rouge is also flying long-distance routes to places in Europe. I can't imagine being in those kind of cramped quarters for an extended flight of 8 or 9 hours. I'll fly WestJet on the Nassau route next time or an American flight through Miami. The entertainment choices were extremely limited on the iPad. I would have been happy to use aeroplan points and book the equivalent of business on Rouge but the seats are not available to Aeroplan. I called the redemption center to ask for an explanation about the Rouge flights and I was told by the customer service agent that they get many complaints about Rouge all the time. Air Canada needs to seriously reconsider their services and the routes they put these planes on.
Booked my flight to Phoenix with the aircraft showing as a 320 only to discover when I received an itinerary change notification the equipment would be a rouge 319. My first flight with Rouge what a dreadful experience - old aircraft no leg room even if you 'rent' an ipad the entertainment options are dismal and no discount in the price. Having been a loyal supporter of Air Canada for many years with Super Elite/Elite status and having flown over 1-million miles I was extremely disappointed with the 'standard' that Air Canada is now offering under this brand for future travel I will certainly we looking for other options when travelling to any destinations being serviced by Air Canada rouge.
Worst flight ever. No seat room no leg room cramped and uncomfortable. When the people behind use the seat pockets you feel it if the passenger in front of you reclines its a disaster. The plane was full AC has added about 25 additional seats to the A319 and made everyone uncomfortable. Rough landing at Toronto airport although the flight was early. I have yet to meet someone who claims rouge to be adequate. Stay away I will never fly rouge again.
Having booked an Air Canada flight without regard to the specifics of AC Rouge I quickly learned Air Canada "rouge" is basically charter airline discomfort at Air Canada standard airfares. Being 6'0" tall the 29" economy seat pitch was outright miserable. My knees pressed against the seat in front of me even with proper upright seating posture. Sleeping on the red-eye return from Las Vegas to Montreal was near impossible due to cramped seating environment. The rest of the flight was uneventful-on time food for purchase and luggage made it undamaged. No in-flight entertainment TV's. Overall in my opinion Air Canada should segregate Rouge flight options from its standard ticketing engine and sell it separately as discount charter flights because Rouge is on par with Sunwing Air Transat and Thomas Cook. Its bare bone cattle class discount service is in a league well below Air Canada's normally high standards.
Air Canada Rouge is to be avoided. There is no leg room the depth of the seat is short and seats are small in width. Staff are nice but hardly compensates for the discomfort. This is Air Canada's discount option but my fare was not discounted. Avoid!
Stay away from Rouge. Nothing but discomfort and aggravation. Flew back from Vegas on Oct 6th the plane was full. No body room or leg room. If the passenger behind you puts something in the seat pocket you felt it. Your knees touch the seat in front of you. No inflight entertainment only with an iPad and they rent them for $10.00. I will not fly them again.
You feel like your riding in a yellow school bus but with much less legroom. High seat backs I'm 6' and my knees were pushed into the back of the seat in front of me. Flew from Toronto to San Diego for 5 hrs in beyond cramp conditions. There should be a law preventing such cruelty - the airfare wasn't any cheaper than non Rouge flights i.e. United American etc (you just don't see it's Rouge when you book AC).
I flew YYZ to PHX. Terrible flight. No leg room no entertainment no electrical outlets but the same price as before. I will fly any other option than AC Rouge from now on. I have been super elite on Air Canada for years and I feel somewhat betrayed. I flew BA to London last week because I'm so angry.
I flew Rouge from Toronto to Phoenix despite the reviews. The reviews are correct. The biggest issue is the seat size. This is a good airline for children as they have enough legroom. For half the flight I stood in the galley because it hurt too much to sit in a 29 inch seat for 5 hours. There is also a problem with the inflight entertainment as it offers very little if you use an Apple product. Hopefully another carrier will provide some competition.
Toronto to Greece with no in house entertainment is not a good thing. You can download entertainment app if you have iphone ipad and they start at the front of the plane with limited ipad rentals. I am short but noticed the seats smaller and my husband definitely did. Flight crew great. We always fly AC but looking at flights to Barcelona and will not fly there with AC because Air Rouge is only option.
Travelled to Las Vegas from Toronto. Paid the extra money for premium economy as it was a long flight. Luckily we got the row right behind business class and it felt a little roomier for the legs. Think we were luckier than the rest in premium economy for this reason only. God forbid if you had to go to the bathroom because you had to make your way down the narrow aisle to the back of the plane loaded with people waiting to use the bathroom. There is barely enough room to pass other people going the opposite direction. But people persist by squeezing past you nevertheless. We ordered 3 pizza slices and falafel wrap. The pizza was the worst. Paper thin. Nothing like the picture in the menu. Ate it because we weren't prepared with snacks of our own. I did find that the staff tried their best in these less than ideal conditions. They must have to deal with a lot of grumpy people on these flights. I guess a lot of people on the flight were up and about in plane as to avoid blood clots in legs. I was very thankful to finally leave the plane at our destination. I will seriously reconsider Air Canada Rouge for future flights.
Flew executive from Vancouver to Nassau on Air Canada (YVR to YYZ) then Rouge (YYZ to NAS). The Air Canada portion in a pod was 9 out of 10 as the food wasnt great. I braced myself for the downgrade partly from some seriously bad reviews on this website. I was pleasantly surprised to find the seats we not bad food the same as Air Canada and the flight crew great. I thought Rouge was ok after all. Then came the return flight. We got to the airport only to find the flight had been cancelled and new flight would be 2 hours late. Then three then four and here's where things went downhill. I was now not going to make my connection in Toronto back to Vancouver. I was advised by a lady who barely looked up that I was now booked on a red eye out of Toronto. I said I wouldn't fly an overnight flight and could I please book the first flight out in the morning. She said no at first but then came back and said I would have to fly coach - I said no as I had an executive ticket. She said it's an aeroplan booking and added if you had a paid for an Air Canada ticket she may have been able to help me. Flew to YYZ - went right to Air Canada relations. They listened and gave a sincere apology for my treatment in Nassau. They ask me when I wanted to leave and although they were unable to give me complimentary hotel stay in they did offer to get me a special rate. Flight home on Air Canada B777 perfect breakfast was the best pancakes ever. Overall Rouge not so bad but their handlers in Nassau were rude and disrespectful. Would I fly Rouge again? Probably but wish Air Canada would take back the route.
We flew back to Toronto from Barcelona anticipating another good Rouge flight as was the outbound. The equipage was different and while the room (premium) was about the same there was no outlet to plug into and the service was much less. As other reviewers have written- the staff spent a majority of their time behind their curtain in the forward cabin. They did their jobs- served towels food and liquor but otherwise you didn't see them very much. The buttons to recline the seat or put up the leg rest were very beaten up (I.e. Old) levers. Some seats worked - mine did not. So I would say your trip is really dictated by: A) the age of the plane and B) the hospitality factor of the attendants. One point in the attendants' favour is that they ran out of chicken on the flt back and switched crew meals to accommodate our choice. Guess Rouge needs more chicken for all the people coming home after a cruise as we start our diets! P.S. I borrowed one of their iPads as my mini kept cutting out on the first flight. Worked just fine and has a much bigger screen.
Montreal to Rome Aug. 16 and Lisbon to Toronto September 14. Staff okay they were pretty nice on the way to Rome cheerfully indifferent from Lisbon to Toronto. Having to pay for an iPad and lack of Android app is not good. Seat pitch and lack of legroom horrid. Food was mixed: their main courses were totally inedible but wrap snack was okay. Not enough room on the overhead bins where everything was squished actually not enough room anywhere. Seriously total strangers were bonding over how cramped we all were. It's inhumane really. And what was worse is that I paid regular AC prices! I don't know where those passengers who bought cheaper got their tickets but I can tell you I've been rouged for the last time! I read that the AC CEO says that the problem is that passengers have to "adjust their expectations." I hope he'll soon need to adjust his. It was a horrid experience and never again.
Rouge 1898 & 1899 YVR-LAS and back. The only good thing about this experience was the fact that I was sitting in "Premium Rouge" and had some semblance of leg room on the A319 aircraft. I felt bad for the people in the back cramped in like sardines. Ridiculous that they charge virtually the same as mainline flights for much less. Also ridiculous is that Rouge requires the same number of eUpgrades as mainline for a lot less in the J cabin. Flight attendants were more interested in chatting amongst themselves and their friends onboard than looking after the rest of the passengers and they do not exude any confidence whatsoever. I highly recommend people avoid Rouge if at all possible!
You don't even get a cracker with your drink and the seats are narrow if you are over 5'6" or larger than a size M you will feel squished in your seat. No screens or power sources so if you don't carry an Apple product they will "rent you one for a mere $10". At the very least when you book a flight on AC Rouge a window should pop up that advises you of these changes. No one likes a surprise and I didn't speak with one happy passenger. Needless to say the next flights we had booked we've gone ahead and upgraded to their Premium Seats so Air Canada accomplished their goal - they got us to spend more. Westjet is looking pretty good right now.
Like many others I feel that I was abused maybe even cheated. I am a senior citizen normally a trusting soul. Buyer beware. I booked an AC flight to Lisbon and found that I was sent off on this substandard flight - never again. Thankfully the return flights were Lufthansa. What a difference. Worst to best. I am very unhappy with every aspect of the quality of this carrier. Others have already made similar comments - there seems no need to elaborate. Mostly I am unhappy at unwittingly being routed on this flight. Hopefully adding my name to the list of numerous other dissatisfied customers will prevent others from making this mistake. A mistake I will not repeat. Lufthansa or any other airline would be my future choice. As a Canadian I could tolerate the normal AC second rate service this has been more than anyone should be willing to accept.
I've had two flights with rouge. Never again. I was forced to use rouge with flight passes from Tampa and I will not purchase Air Canada flight passes again. Both times flights were late. The latest a flight from Kingston Jamaica scheduled to leave at 2 pm left after 8 pm. There is no business class food is terrible as is entertainment. Why not perfect your brand and let others fly Westjet or Transat - stop competing in this cheap flight service market. Hate to say it but I am going with American Airlines until Porter offers longer flights.
I have flown for over 20 years with Air Canada. However for the first time ever I had a 4 hour flight from Phoenix to Toronto and I have never stepped foot into a plane that had such little leg room! I am 6'5" tall and I could not put both of my legs behind the seat in front of me. I was also surrounded by other men who were all over 6' tall and they all suffered from this. I will continue to fly Air Canada but only if it is not an AC Rouge flight. Unless AC changes their seat layout I will start flying DELTA or American to the cities that Rouge flies to.
Flew many times before on the YUL-LAS one way flight in economy and since they changed to Rouge just before this trip back in April 2014 I thought it was probably to satisfy a high demand for one way flights to LAS thus explaining the switch to a bigger plane. However simply converting an old 767 plane into a "low cost carrier" for which the price was still the same as the previous 737 plane I just can't say it was worth the upgrade to business class. OK the seats are fine and so was the space but to take away the personal in flight screen and all of the electrical outlets to be replaced with wifi and BYO Device? I wonder how many people got enough battery for 5 hours. Even though the tablet was included in business class oh my lord the lack of entertainment choices! There was virtually nothing! As much as the food rather disappointing but ok. My mimosa didn't have any alcohol and breakfast was as good as any economy food. Nice try AC to pass off a new low cost carrier by simply keeping all of the profits. Good thing people take notice into the type of aircraft they're paying for.
I travel South from Canada twice a year. I always favored Air Canada for comfort Entertainment and the service. It bugged me a little when we had to pay for our meals but it wasn't so bad. It was an excellent price-quality ratio. Last week I've travelled Rouge. The staff were nice but the rest was disappointing. I've travelled Air Cubana once and I feel it was comparable to Rouge. The leg room is terrible and the entertainment system is worst than awful offering old movies at a high cost (10$ to rent the iPad and 5$ to access the movies). Rouge doesn't compare well to other budget airlines. Moreover we've lost our best airline to the South.
Booked a flight from Las Vegas to Quebec leaving at 11.30 pm arriving at 9.52 am. First leg was on Air Canada Rouge and the second was a turboprop plane. A week later double checked my reservation and found out that first flight had been cancelled and was booked on another Air Canada rouge. However this time I was leaving at 12.15 pm arriving in Montreal and then had a 13 hour layover. I called Air Canada and asked if I was being put up in a hotel room for the night in Montreal. No was the answer. The agent really did not care at all. After much discussion I cancelled the reservation and asked for a confirmation email that I would get a full refund. Agent stated that it would not be a problem. When asking how long it will take for the refund he replied "Up to 3 weeks". 24 hours later I never did receive the email but the reservation had been cancelled. My suggestion is do not fly this airline.
Booked on "Air Canada" at a rather high cost from Montreal to San Diego. Discovered that "Rouge" was the carrier from Toronto onwards. Plane small hot crowded all the usual complaints flyers have these days. Not even a bag of peanuts offered on a 4.5 hour flight free water offered hourly however. I have no objection personally to flying 'cattle class' when I have paid accordingly. This is outright highway robbery at over $300. one way on what I thought was a 'legacy' carrier. The cabin was overheated with no apparent way to improve the temperature or comfort level. Two lavs at rear of cabin appeared insufficient given the projected passenger load. The staff appeared eager but inept in so many ways. I felt as though I was being attended to by the local fast food restaurant hostess: eager chirpy but ill equipped for a real job. As is the current custom constant nickel and diming along the way adds to flyer frustration fortunately I can forgo the proffered toys at $10. a pop but I do object to paying premium price on a cheap-0 carrier. Never again. (Date of Travel: Sept. 24th flight 1847 - Toronto to San Diego non-stop).
Pro: Flight from Toronto (Canada) to Punta Cana (Dominican Republic) and back safely and on time. Cons: No entertainment (ex. movies) on board unless you have ipad iPhone or Windows laptop. You can rent an iPad on the plane for 10$. Movies not compatible on Android systems. You had to pay for your food. Some beverages such as water juice was provided for free though. No space between the economy seats. If your 6 foot and taller unless your seated near the alley way its very uncomfortable especially when the persons in front of you reclines their seat. The only reason we went with them is because we saved 25% on our trip with our Airmiles. Don't get SCRouged by this airline if possible choose another airline.
Air Canada Rouge from Toronto to Montego Bay and return. Seats were cramped (I am 5'4" and my knees touched the seat in front of me) no entertainment unless you bring an iPad service was minimal and no duty free offered on the return flight. This is definitely a no frills airline but you are paying full Air Canada price. Would never book with Air Canada Rouge again.
SFO-YVR rerouted off cancelled United flight as I have been avoiding AC Rouge on all of the Western Canada to California routes since they converted from mainline - I just can not do 29 inch pitch. On this A319 flight I used Altitude upgrades to Premium Rouge which is 6 across with middle seats blocked. Unfortunately I was assigned 1A which has 2 problems: (1) It is a bulkhead seat with less than 20 inches of room between the seat legs and the bulkhead and (2) front row means tray tables stowed in the armrest so even though the middle seat was blocked I was confined tightly into the seat. Onboard service was pleasant with the new crews and the meal that was offered with a menu and choice of entrees was good standard Air Canada domestic J quality. Unfortunately due to the reduced personal space and legroom I will continue to make a point of avoiding Rouge where I am able to select another carrier. Glad to see DL is ramping up some more YYC service this fall giving more options to California.
We came back on a Rouge flight yesterday from Venice to Toronto. We paid $2000 for our flight the outbound was AC to Munich-Sarajevo-Venice. All fine though hardly "world class". We had no idea we were booked on a Rouge flight home or what that meant. None of the pre-booked seats were available or honoured. We were put together my husband and I in row 48 but many people were separated. Then we learned there are no screens I don't carry a tablet so was told I could rent one for 10 Euros on a $2000 ticket! Lunch - no wine no drinks unless you paid $6.50. Lunch was nothing fresh no salad all starch no fruit no vegetables and dessert was a cookie. Then 2 hours later the snack - a cookie and 2 hours before landing a wrap. This was a 9.5 hour flight. Two hours before the flight arrived the bathroom had no toilet paper and was unclean. The poor lovely staff were dressed in ugly colours with fedoras looking like they stepped out of South American villages. Shame on Air Canada.
I have been a loyal Air Canada customer since moving to Canada. As someone who is traveling almost every week airline performance is important. Perhaps it's the perfect case scenario but for all the reasons that came to be I am left having paid full fare for a 5 hour flight from Toronto only to get to the plane to find everything I had come to expect missing. I'll give Air Canada credit as I was very much aware that this was a "operated by rouge" badging which was very predominantly displayed throughout the purchase process. At the time I paid no attention to it as the price I was paying was exactly the same as all previous tickets purchased to this destination (I travel at least once a year to this destination to attend conferences). There is no entertainment screens no USB power no power outlets cramped seating. All of which I may be perfectly ok with if it was it on its own. The fact that they are combined is making this unbearable. Do I have an iPad? Yes is it charged enough to use for 5 hours? Absolutely not. As a businessman I've been on my devices all day and look forward to a flight without having to look at work or its related devices. None of my devices including my phone I'm typing this on is on a position to be used for extended periods of time by the end of the day. This is ignoring the fact I like to land at destination with a full charge! I spent extra money for a business class seat on the return expecting to be on the red eye and landing at 7 am to drive straight to the office. Seeing what a "business class seat" looked like simply same as economy with an empty "for your convenience" empty seat in the middle is useless. I will not get to sleep properly unwind relax and be ready for a full day of business when I land. Instead I had to cancel some meetings and move my flight up to ensure that I can land with enough time to get a proper nights rest before my next day begins. Unfortunately I will be replacing all my flights in which Rouge operates and as soon as I identify an airline which can accommodate the destinations I require from YYZ I will be dropping Air Canada altogether.
I booked what I believed to be standard Air Canada flights YYZ to ATH (AC#1900) on Sept 10 and ATH to YYZ (AC #1901) on Sept 19. Unfortunately I learned what Rouge was never having heard of the concept and certainly not ever wanting to experience it again. The 767 aircraft was an absolute nightmare for lack of space entertainment and food or beverage. The first thing I noted was the lack of TV screens on seat backs-I asked the attendant what was going on and he explained that for weight concerns they'd removed them to save the cost of flying the AC planes. He also said that "everyone has an iPad these days" so they felt the decision was warranted. When it came time for meals I asked for wine and was told that it was available for purchase. The attendants were in their early 20s inexperienced and should have been made to practice the company talking points before being permitted to board the plane and interact with customers as their inability to provide acceptable rationale only made matters worse. Myself and my boyfriend are both tall and he suffered tremendous back and leg pain. It's not worth it to spend 10-11 hours on a plane with no entertainment or hospitality. All of the other carriers know what it is to travel internationally and will actually care for customers. Lose the fedoras and horrible shoes and spend some money on customer-focused resources.
We took a flight from Manchester to Toronto on the B767. After reading the reviews on here before I left I expected the worst. I am over 6 ft tall and so asked at check in whether they had any extra leg room seats available. They did and I was placed there free of charge. Once on board I found the seat was a bulkhead by an emergency exit so although I couldn't stretch my legs straight there was more space than other seats. My friends hadn't requested extra legroom so we're sat further back in the plane. I went and joined them for a small time (plane was half empty) and the space was no where near as bad as made out on here. Ok space is tight but the cabin felt open and refreshed. Food and service was ok but felt they were a bit stingy with the drinks (only serve soft drinks and only brought round twice) plus no water served in between. Having said all of this I wouldn't like to fly on here should it be a full flight so would try not to use them again unless it was the only option.
My husband and I booked Business Class from Phoenix to Toronto on Rouge a few days ago. After awhile in the air I noticed that people were coming in from Economy to use the washroom. I needed to go and had to wait a long time for an Economy passenger to come out. I asked the attendant if this was allowed and she admitted it wasn't apologized (with attitude and obvious resentment at being challenged) and said she had been "busy". What happened next was appalling. After a few minutes she came to my seat and loudly asked me if I would mind if another economy passenger could use the washroom as he was on crutches. Rouge customers should be made aware that if you book Business Class at considerable extra expense you are expected to carry economy passengers and their needs. Unbelievable. She continued to allow more economy passengers to continue to use the washroom for the duration of the flight.
Extremely uncomfortable flight! The cabin was very cramped with no leg room. I am only 5'11" and my knees were jammed in to the back of the seat in front of me. When rows are that tight you shouldn't have the ability to recline - yet Rouge seats still have that functionality. They also charge for checked baggage ($25) which causes everyone to try and carry on creating an even more cramped cabin. Rude service no snacks. Cost was the same as a West Jet flight with the additional cost of baggage. Sorry Rouge you can't charge full price but then call yourself a discount airline so you can provide terrible service. The cabin couldn't be more cramped. Seats were so tight with zero leg room. Barely one person can walk down the aisle. Overhead bins full to explosion since they charge for baggage and with so little leg room people avoid putting things under the seat in front of them. Price for Rouge is same as regular AC flight. A total disaster!
Just returned from Dublin on Air Canada Rouge - not a good trip. Unfortunately the flight was delayed in Toronto by 3 hours. No communication from ground staff in departure lounge that could be heard. Boarding was confusing. Sat on tarmac another hour plus I am elderly and needed to use the toilet that was not allowed. Flight attendants were not warm and friendly we did not feel welcome. The meal was ok but my pop was warm as they did not offer ice. There was supposed to be a snack meal near the end of the flight but nothing was offered. Could not have coffee due to turbulence which for the whole trip was minimal. Kept seat belt sign on for most of flight making it difficult to use the toilet in fact my husband was told he could not. We have been flying many years and Air Canada is not our carrier of choice due to attitude of staff. We will not be flying Air Canada again unless we have no other choice.
We thought we were flying from Toronto to Dublin on a normal Air Canada flight and had not heard of Rouge until we arrived at the airport. We were there 4 hours before the flight checked in at the self service kiosk and were not allocated seats we were told this would be done at the gate. The gate did not open until about 30mins before departure we asked about seat allocation and were told by a rather officious member of staff to sit and wait until we were called so the flight is boarding and very late in the day we are called to be given our seats. There is some difficulty in finding 2 together for my wife and I but finally it happens we walk the short distance to the plane to find our seats already occupied by 2 members of a family group. After a lot of faffing around the cabin crew finally split the family up by giving 2 of them an upgrade to the comfortable seats upfront while we are left in he hard cramped nasty ones in the main cabin. Only then do we discover this stupid nonsense with the lack of inflight entertainment unless you have an ipad with you and have downloaded their app which of course we had not been aware of. Altogether an unpleasant flight experience doubly disappointing given Air Canada's supposed good reputation. I would not fly with them again.
What a mistake they have made with this change. Definitely a disappointing experience older aircraft no price break limited choice on non stop routes and poor entertainment options. We would have expected more from the Air Canada brand. Hopefully they will rethink this experiment and return to the standards we have come to expect from Air Canada.
I flew from Dublin to Vancouver with Air Canada on 12 August 2014. The first leg of the journey was with Air Canada Rouge to Toronto. The flight was delayed by 11 hours due to pilot problems. When we finally boarded we were greeted by very young and in all likelihood very inexperienced staff. The plane was old and very cramped. When we finally landed in Toronto  I then had a 6 hour wait to get my connecting flight to Vancouver. I thought that this was all just an unfortunate problem in the delay but lo and behold my daughter took the same Air Canada Rouge flight from Dublin three weeks later and was delayed taking off by 4 hours and missed her connecting flight. Less than one week after her flight I happened to be flying in from London Heathrow at 3pm and guess what the air Canada Rouge flight which was supposed to have taken off at 12.10 was still sitting in Dublin airport. I will never fly with Rouge again and I think Air Canada need to look at this whole off shoot airline. It is a complete disaster and I would suggest that the company review it before passengers vote with their feet and move completely to other carriers.
I wanted to believe that the reviews I read before my Rouge experience were exaggerated by picky pampered flyers. Sadly the reviews were accurate Air Canda Rouge is no bargain. I just flew 8 hours from Montreal to Rome on AC 1920 Sept 20 2014. 8 hours of uncomfortable seats that kept buckling inward so I felt my neighbors every move in their seat. When I asked for water it took them 40 minutes to bring me a cup with attitude since I used my attendant call button. On an 8 hour flight I only received two beverage services that were water and coffee. Lack of water is unhealthy on a flight this long. I actually paid 81 usd to upgrade my seat to a window seat. Worst decision - very cramped seat. Do yourself a favor switch to regular Air Canada. I have never written a poor review for an airline. Sadly they deserved this review. Oh and the inflight app stopped working every 10 minutes and the wifi only services the app. Sad service.
My husband and I were scheduled on Rouge flights from Ottawa to Las Vegas connecting through Toronto in September 2014. We purposefully selected the flight leaving from Ottawa at 06.00 (leaving the house at 04.30) to fly out of Toronto at 8.50 with the intent of arriving in Las Vegas early to get the most out of a five-day vacation. Instead of walking the Las Vegas strip we were stuck in the Toronto airport for an 11 hour delay - kind of hard to believe that Rouge could not find another plane to fly out of Toronto earlier. Guess what happened on the trip back - a nine hour wait at the Las Vegas airport again thanks to Rouge management. Both trip delays were not weather related. We wasted a complete day of vacation thanks to Rouge. We would have had little to say if the flight price was a discount but it certainly wasn't. We have truly been "rouged".
Flew out of Toronto yesterday 8.50 am flight to Vegas scheduled to arrive around 10.30 Vegas time. Took off a few minutes late and the flight was uneventful for the first 2.5 hours with the exception of the worst possible seats providing no comfort and space. Did have to ask the lady in front of me to keep her seatback straight to prevent injury to my knees. The pilot came on the intercom to tell us we have a "situation" whereby we lost our left engine and were diverting to Denver to get it checked. He assured us the 767 could fly safely on one engine and he did a good job getting us on the ground without incident at about 9.45 local time. Met by the firetrucks on the tarmac and they checked out the engine and determined it was ok to proceed to the gate. Got to sit on the plane for an extended period without air conditioning and little information forthcoming about our situation. We were finally told another plane would be dispatched from Toronto to pick us up and get on our way to Vegas at 5.30 local time. When we finally got off the plane they gave everyone $20 worth of meal vouchers and then the waiting began. Went to the gate in plenty of time as we had a lot of it to kill. There was no representative at the gate and when we checked the departure schedule discovered that our time had been delayed to 6.30. Suddenly the departure time changed to 7.30. How long does it take a 767 to get from Toronto to Denver even considering a new crew was needed? After changing gates we were told by an announcement that the plane was on the ground and would be at the gate by 6.30. Finally things were looking up. Started boarding about 7.00 and then we sat. The crew kept walking around the plane checking seats for some unknown reason while the passengers were getting restless and looking for answers as to why we were not leaving the gate. The pilot finally came on to tell us the plane needed rebalancing - I believe there were 6 people who made other arrangements and were not continuing on this flight. Finally left Denver after 8.00 and arrived in Vegas just before 9.30. Plane arrived in Terminal 1 and our bags were in Terminal 3. Again no information given by Air Canada staff so people basically had to figure out for themselves that you have to grab a shuttle bus for a 5 minute ride to Terminal 3 and then try and find the right carousel. Got to our hotel about 10.30 about 12 hours later than expected. Given the choice will not fly Air Canada in the future.
Well Air Canada was my preferred flight until I took a flight with AC Rouge to Vegas Sept 12/2014 return Sept 15/2014. The seats are so tight and uncomfortable my legs were cramped up no entertainment onboard. Now it's time for me to try Westjet or Sunwing.
Booked an Air Canada flight to Vegas. I had no idea it was Rouge. Easily the worst flight very cramped no entertainment not even a cracker. The line up for the toilet went half way up the plane and you had to squeeze past people to get back to your seat! I will never fly Rouge again. Air Canada you have lost me.
Just returned from Barcelona on Air Canada's Rouge flight. I will not be doing this again. Terrible seating inexperienced flight attendants no entertainment units not even headphone connectors made a very boring and uncomfortable flight. Consider this a bargain basement airline.
I have just come off a Rouge flight from Edinburgh. I had no idea what Rouge was and had booked on a standard flight on Air Canada. Since I am 6 foot 4 I had paid an extra $100 to be sure I could manage the leg space. I was appalled - I had an exit row seat that was bulkhead and smaller than a standard row seat on regular Air Canada. It was not possible to sit straight and I experienced significant leg cramps as a result. The absence of basic amenities such as TV movies and music unless you possess or rent an iPad was unacceptable. The only redeeming feature was the extremely pleasant staff. I am upset at having paid the extra cost and received no increased space.
Unfortunately AC has discontinued service of their full service line from YYC to LAS and there is no choice but to take Rouge. I have travelled in Premium Rouge once before and while I also disliked this Lufthansa short haul version of business class the economy service takes the cake! Seating is the most horrifying experience imaginable. I can honestly say I have never been on a plane where the seats were so uncomfortable and had such little room. I didn't even realize my legs had cramped up due to not being able to move until I tried to disembark the aircraft. I am 5'11 and my knees were wedged against the seat in front of me. I could not move my legs underneath the seat in front of me. I had used my frequent flyer comps to get a free meal from the BOB service. Even though I was the 6th person asked if I would like something from the BOB service my choice had "just run out". So I was stuck with a backup option. Additionally I told the FA that I had a meal included with my ticket and he did not believe me. I had to disrupt the people sitting next to me to reach my bag and dig out my boarding pass to show him the meal logo on it. I watched another FA scream at a passenger who desperately needed to use the lavatory because the seatbelt sign was on and "Your seat is the safest place for you! Please sit down!". The lack of an entertainment system is aggravating. I knew of this before leaving for my trip and am not willing to pay to download AC's not free entertainment app on my phone so I brought my small laptop to watch some movies. There was not enough room between the seats for me to open the lid on the laptop all the way. Of course all of this might be made tolerable for some people if the fares are discounted as you would expect on a self proclaimed "discount airline" Unfortunately I have been flying this route every 3 months for the last 4 years and can tell you the prices are exactly the same as what the full service AC has been charging. In other words a total scam. Never will I ever fly this airline again.
I flew from Barcelona to Toronto with Air Canada Rouge. The thing I hate is that we book a flight with the normal Air Canada and we get Rouge which has no TV and very little legroom. We flew in the 767-300ER. The whole flight took 8 hours. The seats are very cramped. It was a very unpleasant flight.
MTL-Las Vegas AC 1855 Sep 8th. LAS Vegas-Montreal AC1858 Sep 11. This is the worst airline I have flown with. I don't how much money AC is saving by adding the extra row of seats but it is inhuman to treat people this way. Flights attendants are inexperienced and clumsy. The best description would be "Cattle Class". I have flown over a million miles with Air Canada and my three flights with Rouge have been the worst experience of my life.
We were excited to hear that Air Canada was adding routes to Europe way back when we started booking a big family vacation this allowed us to fly into Venice and out of Rome on AC flights both ways. At the time Rouge had just started its international service so we didn't know what to expect but it's Air Canada right? It has to be at least decent. I have to say at this point thank goodness we changed our return flight date which meant we went from a Rouge flight to a regular AC flight. Travelling over 8 hours to Italy in those cramped circa 1970s metal framed seats was not fun and I had the luxury of a 4 year old next to me so I could use some of her space. I am not a tall person and I felt like my knees were in my armpits the entire time because of the ridiculously small seat pitch you can't actually recline your seat more than an inch maybe two inches. Fantastic for an overnight flight. At least they gave us pillows and blankets. Hardly any of us slept and it was a long boring flight since we don't all have ipads and theirs were booked. I'm curious to know how there is still no Android app for their stupid in-flight entertainment system but I digress. People also need to know that the reviews here are accurate regarding the overhead bins they are not regular carry-on size each bin could fit maybe 1 item - for 4 seats! I would also like to point out that flying Rouge is definitely a buyer beware activity. I'm not sure if there are any cases of the prices reflecting the "bargain airline" thing they are trying to be but I think it is all kinds of insanity to charge the same for this service as for regular Air Canada flights. I know this is true because AC had a schedule change that meant we went from a regular flight to a Rouge flight and the gentleman at the call centre warned me that we would be getting less service for the same money. In fact he was required to explain that to me and I had to agree and it was made clear that this would be recorded so that there would be no "misunderstandings." As a result I got so nervous I changed that flight to a different day to avoid having to fly Rouge home and thank goodness for that. Two of our party were in business class on Rouge that meant Premium Rouge or some such silliness and they had slightly bigger seat space and a curtain to divide them from the steerage behind on Air Canada they had pods with lie flat beds for the same price. I'm sad to say that this is no exaggeration. Now if I pay a little bit of money for a discount flight on a bargain airline okay I expect to get what I paid for - not much. But when you are paying full Air Canada fare and get bargain airline seats and service I'm not okay with it. People need to know that this is going on and make their dissatisfaction known with their dollars.
The cabin couldn't be more cramped. Seats are so tight with zero leg room. Barely one person can walk down the aisle. Overhead bins full to explosion since they charge for baggage and with so little leg room people avoid putting things under the seat in front of them. Price for Rouge is same as regular AC flight. A total disaster!
Sep 7th AC1855. Sep 10th AC1854. Got "rouged" - where you don't know it's a Rouge flight until you get to the gate. It isn't indicated when booking flights - so you expect a regular Air Canada flight and instead you get this for the same price. No entertainment system or legroom or chargers. It's rubbish. Avoid at all costs.
Flew from Dublin to Toronto on Rouge on August 29/14. The worst flight. No entertainment on board you had to rent an iPad with few options. Small cramped seating and horrible food! The flight attendants seemed to be chatting amongst themselves rather than providing service. We would never fly anywhere any time on this airline again!
Venice to Toronto B767-300ER and then to San Diego A319. It wasn't the best of experiences. It's not right to call Rouge Air Canada's budget alternative - it's Air Canada's substandard offering on many of their routes. It's not an alternative and it's not particularly cheap either. I flew Air Canada (I didn't even know about Rouge) because I am a United MileagePlus member and wanted to stick with United to maintain my Premier Silver status. I fly to and from Venice every September on business. In the past I used U.S. Airways but they're no longer part of the Star Alliance. On every other Star Alliance airline I have flown having Star Alliance Silver status has got me priority boarding - usually group 2 or similar. With Rouge you have to have Star Alliance Gold status to get priority seating and there is no other level. Next is the planes - they're Air Canada's oldest planes reconfigured to carry more passengers. This means thinner and less comfortable seats and less legroom - done in a drab gray. There is no reconfiguring of the overhead space to account for the higher passenger load. The 767s in particular have an outmoded overhead bin space design from the early 1980s that is very inefficient and does not accommodate modern carry-ons very well. When you have an additional 50 passengers to carry the problem only gets worse - expect a battle for bin space. The seats feel cheap and my tail bone ached through most of both flights from the hard surface underneath. The seats do recline but pressing the recline button nearly broke my finger - on both seats. On the 767 the flight attendant call button is on the armrest in a position you're quite likely to inadvertently press. As a result it happens all the time. I counted 11 flight attendant call lights lit in my part of the cabin at one point - so flight attendants don't pay attention to them anymore. There is power to the seats - but only 4 outlets for every 7 seats in each row. Expect to have to share an outlet with your seat mate. There are no USB power outlets. There are no onboard entertainment systems at each seat. Instead they wirelessly stream entertainment to your personal electronic device. However there is a catch. You can watch TV shows using a basic wi-fi connection but in order to watch movies you need to have downloaded their iPad/iPhone app before the flight. This feature is only available for the iPad/iPhone so if you have a laptop or Android device you're out of luck. The app is a simple wrapper around the website - there is absolutely no reason why you should have to have install the app to get to the movies. You can rent a limited number of iPads from the airline for $10. As for the entertainment itself it's pretty bad. While there were new episodes of Big Bang Theory and other recent shows most of the TV was old. The movies were mostly old or second rate. The inflight service wasn't bad. The food was good and service came often. We had a good lunch and idway through the flight there was a second service which included a bag of chips chocolate chip cookies. The final service included a small but tasty chicken pesto wrap. The young staff were attentive and friendly. Ground staff in Venice were friendly but not so good in Toronto. All in all this was a bad experience. Air Canada is cheapening their product with this sub-par airline. This feels more like a way around labor unions than an effort to build Air Canada into a great airline. It's such a disgrace that I vow to never fly either Air Canada or Air Canada Rouge again - that is my punishment for this awful excuse of an airline.
Booked Air Canada Rouge return Ottawa to Las Vegas it was easily the worst airline experience I've had. I was Rouged many times on each flight and don't recommend this company to anyone. Narrow and very uncomfortable seats with little to no leg room (and I'm only 5'5). No inflight entertainment unless you have an ipad or want to rent one from them. Oh and your reward for renting the ipad is a terrible and tiny collection of entertainment choices. Don't forget to charge up your devices because there are no power sources on board. Which makes for a particularly long flight when you're crammed into an uncomfortable seat with no entertainment. Did I mention the food selection? It's not good either. Half and sometimes less than half of what's available on Air Canada flights. I could go on but I won't. It seems like others share my disdain. Don't bother booking premium rouge it's the same seats and same situation as the rest of the plane.
My wife and I flew Air Canada Rouge from Manchester to Chicago. We didn't know when we booked it that it was a Rouge flight. I will never fly with them again until they sort the leg room. It's a shame as everything else was OK but for a long haul flight I need to be able to sit down without my knees touching the seat in front. I'm a bit over 6 foot. Even my wife found if uncomfortable and she's a bit shorter than me. Basically unless it's so cheap that it makes up for the 8 hours of pain you'll get from being jammed into something even cattle transporters would consider cruel go with another airline.
I booked a flight direct on the Air Canada website choosing this flight over the slightly cheaper alternative thinking I would receive a higher level of service how wrong I was. What they don't tell you at the point of booking is that you are being fobbed off onto their 'no frills' budget organisation! The level of service onboard was shocking from boarding and realising there is no in-flight entertainment unless you rent one of their ipads at a cost of $10 or have pre downloaded their app onto your own device which is all well and good had we been informed of this prior to being sat on the runway with no internet access! With that disappointment settled in we move onto the food I've taken many long haul flights in my time but never experienced such poor quality food from stale bread to bland chicken that's barely warmed through is probably the only inflight meal I've not actually finished! On the returning leg we were fed the same for dinner and were treated to a soggy slice of banana cake for breakfast. Trying to get a drink during the flight is equally annoying when you are actually offered a drink you are lucky if they have what you want they push the apple and orange juice on you as if that's your only option but on both occasions I ordered apple (both legs) they had run out! Alcoholic beverages are also not complimentary which again is odd for a long haul and especially with a so called premium airline another disappointment was when I actually got a coffee it arrived with no stirrer or spoon as they had run out and was barely lukewarm and very poor quality! All in all a completely disastrous experience and one that I will never repeat!
Flew Rouge from Toronto to San Diego and return. Didn't know I was on a Rouge flight I should have paid more attention but then I didn't know what awaited me. What awaited me was the worst flying experience ever. There was no legroom. I rented an Ipad on the way down and was disappointed by the entertainment offering and they ran out of ipads on the return leg. I have been a long time supporter of Air Canada. I have always said that I knew what to expect (a service offering I was satisfied with) and when I got on an Air Canada flight to come home I felt I was home when I boarded the flight. I really have been a vocal supporter of Air Canada. But no longer. We are currently booking flights to Phoenix in January not on Air Canada.
I flew to Phoenix AZ and back to Toronto on Rouge for the first time last week. The seating was cramped and the staff on the return flight were rude. In addition to having to pay for my checked luggage I had to pay for advanced seat selection. I am glad that I did because I could not have survived the trip in the middle seat being over 6 feet in height. This was my first and last Rouge flight. As a former Super Elite and Elite member for over 10 years I have become increasingly disappointed by Air Canada. I have switched to other airlines for overseas flights and will now give my remaining business to the competition even if I end up paying more.
We flew from Toronto to/from Barcelona on Rouge - specifically AC1914/AC1915. We flew AC because it was the only direct flight available. The general experience is ok but if given a choice in the future we will not fly Air Canada and definitely not Rouge. We were disappointed with the lack of entertainment screen - it's annoying to have to "rent" an ipad or download the app to our devices in order to see AC's selection of old movies and shows. What I find unforgivable is that AC actually served our meals (all passengers) with "bread roll" that were almost as hard as rocks. I think AC should review their food service.
Flight Number 1895 from Tampa to Toronto on September 2nd. My husband and I are both Super Elite 1000000 members. Air Canada Rouge is not up to Air Canada Standards! It is like a cattle car! People are stuffed into the seats like sardines. We were lucky enough to get bumped to Premium Rouge but it is still awful. The staff are very sweet and nice but when I asked what kind of red wine they had - she said we have a Chardonnay and a Cabernet! Surely you can do better Air Canada. In addition all of the ground staff at Tampa Airport are leaving or have left because of the treatment they receive from Rouge Management and staff. We have taken Flight 902 and 903 for over 30 years from Tampa to Toronto and Toronto to Tampa.
Orlando to Montreal Sep 3 at 10 am returning on Sunday Sep 7 on 8.35 flight. They are terrible to say it bluntly. No food no leg room etc. Will never fly with them from USA to Canada. Only plus was they didn't lose my golf clubs. Also were begging folks to check in their carry-on luggage at the gate. How could they already know that there would be little room available?
No leg room on the airbus A319 and not much more on B767 and I am only 5 foot 9 and my son 5 ft 5. Plane clean and staff pleasant but very narrow seats and as already said no leg room. Could not get the entertainment system to work on either laptop running window or tablet on android and the staff did let us have an ipad but this ran out of battery and the replacement froze more times so gave this up. On the return the weather made us late and they kept us informed but often a little late ie say ground crew were finishing up loading luggage but the ground warning light had restarted flashing so they could not work whilst this was on so speeding up information would have helped. Overall wish I spent an extra a few pounds and gone with United or US Airways.
Air Canada you have hit a new low it's called Rouge. Worst flight to Barbados in many years. They may fool some with their flight attendants wearing cute trilby hats as passengers boarded and with the cute pink headbands (my 5 year old grand daughter wears a similar one) while "attending" in flight but we were not fooled. They cannot try to mimic Westjet service until they actually do the work to train staff to actually believe that their job is to make their customers feel secure looked after and yes catered to! If they plan to staff their Rouge plane for an international flight it's a good idea to inform them of the entering countries landing document. When we asked for our landing cards we were told that they would be handed out at 2.10 (we arrived in B'dos at 2.25). We told them that B'dos requires a landing doc for each person not one per family as she rudely tried to tell me when I asked for 2 forms! Yikes! Immediately after the cards were handed out (one per family except for us) they told us to prepare for landing seats upright and tables closed - while everyone was still filling out their forms! After we landed the customs officers were scrambling to get people to fill out their forms. Make sure you have your ipads charged if you want entertainment. The seat monitors are gone. You can rent an ipad for 10 Cdn. But they have no means of charging your device. Also if you are taller than 5 feet and weigh more than 125 lbs you won't fit. It's unfortunate that Air Canada has no idea what the repercussions are when bad service comes into play. But then again they really don't care.
I flew from Winnipeg to Cancun with Rouge in August. My husband and I took 23 guests on our wedding vacation. From the get-go our entire wedding party had an awful experience. The flight from Toronto: in the beginning we were frustrated that we didn't get certain things that were promised to us when we booked our wedding through Air Canada Vacations. We were supposed to receive a complimentary upgrade which we did not (to make matters more frustrating there was another wedding party on the same flight of which the bride and groom were upgraded). They were also supposed to hang my dress on the plane and when my mom asked they said there was no room. While this on its own was frustrating the flight was delayed by about an hour. We were told to stay in our seats with our seatbelts fastened this entire time. We were travelling with our 9 month old daughter. When I got up to get her formula out of the overhead bin about halfway through this wait I was rudely scolded by the flight attendant and told to sit down. She slammed the bin shut. Everything else about the experience is just how most people say - seats are jam packed with virtually no leg room there is absolutely no in-flight entertainment and they only offer juice water and pop (everything else you need to pay for). If I thought the flight there was bad I don't even know what to call the flight home. After boarding the plane in Cancun we sat on the tarmac for three hours while they tried to sort out mechanical issues. Again travelling with a baby this was a complete nightmare. During the entire wait we were offered water twice. Eventually they told us we would be staying in Cancun. We disembarked and they put us in a small holding area with no air conditioning. We waited here for another three hours without being offered any food or drink. When passengers started to get testy they walked us through the airport to immigration. We waited and waited while all 200+ passengers went back through immigration and security. When we finally got outside and hopped on shuttles the Air Canada Rep said "the hotel is all-inclusive - go eat drink." When we got to the hotel they told us that Air Canada had not in fact paid for all-inclusive. We were only entitled to a meal and two non-alcoholic beverages. While this wasn't a huge deal it just demonstrates the disorganization and lies that were the theme of our entire day. I will never travel with Air Canada Rouge again. The next morning at the airport only some of our wedding guests were given connecting flights through to Winnipeg. Once we arrived in Toronto we were sent home on three separate flights. On our flight there were six guests. Three were offered a complimentary food item "for their trouble". Apparently the rest of us (including the bride and groom) were not on the "list". All in all Air Canada Rouge turned our wedding vacation into a complete nightmare.
Do not fly Air Rouge unless you are happy being canned in like a sardine. I could not reach under my seat without hitting my face on the seat in front of me that is how tight the seats are packed and this is coming from a person who is practically 5 feet tall. I have always flown AC but now that I have flown my first Air Rouge flight it I feel cheated. The worst part is that this horrible flight was not a discounted flight I paid $1000 for an overpriced flight from San Diego. All the lovely Air Canada amenities are gone - do not expect entertainment instead expect to pay for an ipad that will be confiscated from you and hour prior to landing. Do not expect comfortable seats or leg room. Avoid flying Rouge at all costs!
I flew from Manchester (UK) to Toronto on Air Canada Rouge. Everything was OK apart from the leg room. I'm a bit over 6 foot tall and my knees were jammed into the seat in front. For a long haul flight this was intolerable; I will never fly with them again until they fix this. It was a shame as everything else on the flight was better than I expected for the price - modern plane smiling staff and reasonable food.
Flight AC1901 ATH to YYZ. Is there anything lower than one star? Absolutely embarrassing service lack of professionalism by not one but all staff. No entertainment system no decent food and you have to beg for a glass of water. It's really as if you are annoying the staff just by being there. Staff member observed yelling and screaming at passengers for disobeying the seatbelt sign. Awful airline with no positive comments.
YYZ-LAS. On 27th August we were scheduled to travel from Toronto to Las Vegas on Air Canada Rouge with a 0850 departure time. On check in (at 06.50) the Air Canada Check In agent greeted us with "It is my pleasure to inform you this flight is delayed until 17.00". She did actually use the word "pleasure". So an over eight hour delay no apology no explanation. The flight did not leave at 17.00 but 17.55 - a nine hour delay! We were to drive from Las Vegas to Grand Canyon in the afternoon. Instead we drove through the night arriving at 02.00. Air Canada Rouge is a disgrace to call itself and Airline offering a service. In thirty years of travelling on numerous different Airlines we have never experienced such poor service. You book via Air Canada however end up on the Third Rate Rouge. Then you are offered a discount on a future flight. We do need to note that staff on the actual flight were very good. No issues. Also previous Air Canada flights have not been a problem. We will never fly Air Canada Rouge again.
Booked a vacation to Jamaica through Air Canada Vacation. The both Rouge flights were the worst experience. No room for legs outdated video entertainment narrow aisle between cramped 3x3 rows all two washrooms at the end of the plane. According to CBC "Rouge seats on the Airbus 319-100 have 73.5 cm of pitch compared with 79-89 cm on the same aircraft on a regular Air Canada flight" and that is true! Quite bad business decision Air Canada leadership made. I will make every effort not to fly with Rouge ever more even if I have to change my trip destination.
I found the seats and spacing comfortable in coach. The design is minimalist. I understand that taking the wiring and screens out of the seats reduces the cost weight and maintenance. My wife had an issue with the lack of ventilating port above the head. She was hot the entire flight. I was comfortable. I don't like the message Air Canada sends when they encourage a monopoly in their own aircraft by only supporting Apple devices. It doesn't take that much effort to create the applications for Android and BlackBerry. My frustration spans from the surprise I got taking a 5 hour flight with no entertainment. Had I known I would have loaded a few movies on my Android tablet. This was last May and they said then that the Android app was coming. 5 months later it is still not out.
Thinking of flying Air Canada Rouge? Don't. Thinking about booking business class with Air Canada Rouge believing it can't be all that bad? Don't. My partner and I flew in business class from Toronto to Las Vegas. Tickets cost $1600. We were seated in Premium Rouge for this exorbitant price. There were no business class seats only economy seats with a spare seat in the middle. We were in the front row and could not even move the armrests or stretch our legs out fully. They even tried to get out of providing my partner with the amenities pack (which consists of a blanket eyemask and ear plugs) by saying they would just give him the blanket only - he insisted on the full pack. Entertainment is via an iPad which lo and behold business class passengers get for "free" while economy passengers have to pay $10 for the privilege. The iPad is useless. Cabin crew are young and try to be funky and upbeat. This falls pretty flat when you get on board and realise what awaits you. Never again.
Last night I travelled back from Barbados to Toronto but was diverted to Montreal. I do have some very serious questions though based on my experience. 1) Why was there no-one from AC to guide the passengers from the Barbados flight to the new check in location. Many of the passengers were elderly Barbadians who would not be able to speak French. I have traveled a lot can speak French and even I found the journey from immigration to check in very confusing. 2) Why are we then made to make our own bookings when we are already significantly inconvenienced? 3) When we try and make the booking why are we kept on hold for so long at 1am in the morning and why then was I put on hold not once but twice for a total of an extra 25 minutes so it took a total of one hour to do what should have been a very simple process that usually takes 10 minutes maximum in the daytime. This is at a time when I should have been sleeping as I had to get up at 4.00am for a 6.00am domestic flight as the AC booking officer then told me I would have to go through the whole process of queuing up etc to get my ticket so should leave at least 2 hours. Just a very disappointing experience from a Brand with which I had much higher expectations.
Terrible experience flying AC Rouge last week. Delayed 5+ hours on my Toronto-Las Vegas flight (due to mechanical issues no notification until arrival at the airport 2 hrs in advance of the flight time so a total of 7h spent idle) then delayed 10+ hours on return flight 2 days later no reason given. On the first flight by the time the food cart reached Aisle 40 there was little left and on the second there was no food cart period. People boarded with more than one carry on bag limiting the overhead space available for everyone - the crew worked very hard to find space for everyone anywhere onboard and should be commended for their hard work and cheerfulness - and the in-flight entertainment selection was dismal. Load up your iPad/phone before you go. I will never travel Rouge again if it can be helped. Very disappointing experience.
AC1830 on August 13 AC1831 on August 20. I was quite nervous about flying with Rouge given all the negative things I have heard from friends and family. My flight to my destination was uneventful - on time boarding was easy staff were friendly and I lucked out in that nobody was in the middle seat so I was able to stretch my legs given the compressed seating this was a major plus. The flight home was overbooked which although did not impact me is frustrating to have to deal with. The entertainment options are extremely limited - very few movies and episodes of TV shows. Staff were friendly and helpful no complaints there. Given my flight was short - just over five hours - it was a good experience. I wouldn't be comfortable flying with them on longer flights because of the lack of space. All in all they got me where I needed to go and that's all that matters.
AC1906 YYZ to VCE on Sat 30 Aug 2014. Booked ticket 8 months in advance: No inflight entertainment system not at all not even the old TV screen on the upperhead. You need an iPad to download a specific application to use the inflight system and iPad alone because they do not sponsor Galaxy. Seats are small with tight leg space (flew a 767-300). What can we say about the flight attendants with their grey hats - who designed this? Flying rouge is like going back in time when flying Air Transat 15 years ago.
My wife and I recently flew from Toronto to Phoenix with Rouge. It all started at the airport when they did not have a flight attendant show up so no one could board for over an hour. I am only 5'9" but found my knees up in my chest during the 4 hour flight and very uncomfortable. Never fly with Rouge.
I return from LAX to YVR with Air Canada Rouge. I'm 6'2". There is no legroom. I had my knees against the front seat and my lower back pressured against my seat the entire flight. Extremely uncomfortable and unmanageable. My knees were half way through my neighbours seats. I have always flown Air Canada to have legroom. This time is now over and they now have lost a long time client. I have flown with low cost carriers in Asia and you expect what you pay for. Here you get less for the same price as before.
AC1752 July 31 2014 and AC1753 Aug 7 2014. I have never been so disappointed by an airline! I paid what I thought was business class and found it to be cattle class. Nothing and I mean nothing provided. I will avoid Air Canada vacations if this is their primary carrier! I now have to book a trip to San Diego . Last time it was air Canada and it was business class. Now they dump it to Rouge and they have the nerve to call this business class? Same price without any service. They should be ashamed to call this anything but cattle air. Bring drinks and real food with you! Just fly with them once and you will see!
Before booking our flights to Canada we debated between Virgin (our usual airline to the US) or Air Canada. Our agent told us that although Virgin were better Air Canada would be fine with similar legroom entertainment food etc. this was last year before anyone in the UK had heard of Rouge. The seats only recline one inch the person behind me who was just average height had his knees in my back the whole journey there are no air vents above the seats and the entertainment is shocking. For an airline to introduce a new service which is in effect a transatlantic budget airline but still with Air Canada prices is absolutely appalling.
LIS-YYZ. Poor communication embarrassing service and a disappointing lack of even a modicum of care about their passengers seems to be how this airline operates. Flight got cancelled in the middle of the night. We received just a text (and not even an email) to a link with our updated flight "status." Essentially we had two options: stay in a hotel organized by the airline or go on your own and hope to be reimbursed. We were told that we would be rebooked on a flight 21 hours later. After the most unbelievable line at check in (one person said he had been waiting for 2 hours. Note that we were the only AC flight going out that day) we checked our boarding passes to see that we were actually delayed again by another 2 hours putting us 23 hours behind schedule. We didn't even get a text telling us this so we woke up at 5 am for no reason. It's not really Air Canada - don't let the name fool you. No attempt to rebook us was made like a normal airline. I once flew American Airlines not exactly known for its service and had a flight cancelled only to be rebooked (ironically) on Air Canada. Don't expect that decency from Rouge. I will never ever take this airline again. I'm a proud Canadian but I'll be looking elsewhere. These reviews are awful for a reason. Watch out.
Toronto to Barcelona return in early August. Worst overseas flight I have taken. When I compare Air Canada Rouge to regular Air Canada it's like night and day. The seats on Rouge are very uncomfortable and cramped. Inflight entertainment is barely acceptable. In order to access it you have to own an iPad or rent one on board. The movies are old and out of date. On the return flight from Barcelona to Toronto there was garbage (including used napkins and food) from the previous flight still lying on the ground when we boarded. It was filthy. One of the bathrooms was out of service for the nearly 9 hour flight from Barcelona to Toronto. Every time the seatbelt sign turned off when there wasn't turbulence people rushed to the bathrooms that actually worked. Flight attendants seemed very young and inexperienced. I will try to avoid Air Canada Rouge in the future. They charge the same airfare as Air Canada regular except you're getting an inferior service.
Flew Rouge Flight AC1836 from Phoenix to Toronto on Aug 26 2014. The worst flight ever! Felt crammed in our seats with no leg room. I am 5'6" and am glad that I was not taller. Could not stretch my legs during the flight and felt the knees of the person sitting behind me most of the flight. I do not understand why we have to rent an iPad for onboard entertainment when a regular Air Canada flight has a touch screen in the seat back directly in front of you. Certainly not the same as a regular Air Canada flight. I will avoid flying Rouge in any way even taking connecting flights or changing my destination so that I will not be on a Rouge flight. Unfortunately Air Canada Rouge is the only option for direct flights for certain destinations. If a discount airline was truly an optional airline then why don't they also offer regular Air Canada flights to these same destinations. Rouge is every bit a discount airline without the discount price. Avoid Rouge! If Air Canada wants a discount airline they can offer Rouge with more leg room. At least you know ahead of time that you are getting screwed! I will fly anyone else to avoid Rouge.
I have travelled Rouge last month and if I had a choice as to who to fly with I would never pick Rouge the seats are crowded. No entertainment available except at an extra cost. Absolutely disappointed with this flight we travel Air Canada all the time as we travel to Arizona at least 3-4 times a year with Air Canada and have never had a problem I travelled this time and it was terrible.
I recently booked a flight on the Air Canada website from Toronto to Barcelona and back. Air Canada "Rouge" seemed marginally cheaper so I went with that. Nowhere in the booking process was there any warning that "Rouge" is essentially AC's version of Air Transat at AC prices: they've ripped out all the seats with entertainment systems and replaced them with pre-1970 style seats decreased the seat spacing and if you want a beer or glass of wine you have to pay through the nose. It would have been nice to have some indication of this in advance! On top of that the service was slow and terrible. Whoever in AC management thought that creating something as sub-par as Rouge was a wise business decision needs to have their head examined. This will do irreparable damage to AC's already sliding reputation.
They get an overall rating of 2/10 because I at least got to my destination (Edinburgh - Vancouver return) in the end and the air hostesses were very pleasant and friendly. However positives then stop. Inflight entertainment has to be purchased (unless you have an appropriate mobile device on you) 4.5 hour flight from Toronto-Vancouver requires purchase of food and the was a huge overbooking problem with truly abysmal ground staff help. From Vancouver to Toronto I was put on standby for no apparent reason despite having an international connection in Toronto and checking in hours in advance. The Air Canada help desk was totally inadequate (1 person only for a long queue although she was pleasant - maybe because unfairly inconvenienced people were being exceptionally polite to her despite having massive delays enforced upon them) and the staff at the gate were unacceptably rude. For example a couple with a baby who had checked in 2.5 hours in advance were rudely told that their failure to get a seat was entirely their fault as they should have checked in even sooner. No apology for what struck me as breach of contract by Air Canada. I eventually did get on my planned flight but in a very negative state of mind.
Flew from Toronto to Rome (Connecting through Montreal) on August 15 2014. I decided to spend the extra $$ and book a "Premium Rouge" seat. I am 6'3" and normally try and book the "Preferred Seating" on mainline AC for all my flights just to have the leg/knee room. Flying from YYZ-YUL was mainline AC and I upgraded the day of to Business Class. I think this gave me a false sense of hope for the Rouge portion of the trip. First off the plane (767-300) was disgusting. The plane must have been at least 20-25 years old. It was dirty as can be with seats falling apart in the Premium Rouge cabin. In terms of leg/knee room. It was virtually the same as North American Business Class on mainline AC so more than enough room with decent recline for an over-night flight. Nowhere near the quality of the Pod seats but let's be realistic I paid substantially less for this flight as compared to mainline AC Executive First. Second the staff as described by many others were very friendly young and enthusiastic however that's where the positive reviews end. It took them over 2 hours to serve the first meal/drink service (there were only 5 people in Premium Rouge cabin) and they were very inattentive. The crew gave me the sense that they were not in control of the flight's service whatsoever. Always seemed un-organized and the so called "Dedicated lead Rouge crew" for Premium Rouge were non-existent. I did not speak to the same flight attendant more than once. All-in-all this was the worst flight experience I have ever had and I'm saying this knowing full-well what the reviews on Rouge are. I will avoid Rouge at all costs.
Just had the worst experience on an aircraft and will never fly Air Canada Rouge again. Flew 8 hours to Venice (9 back). Absolutely no leg room (if you're 5'8' or taller). Seats only go back an inch or two (but then again-that's because there is no leg room). No overhead controls for air. Also took 20 minutes for an attendant to answer our call button. Our movies cut out 6 times. Had to restart and judge where we'd left off. Absolutely dreaded our return flight. Never again.
YYZ-MCO. Absolutely terrible leg room! This seems to be a recurring issue based upon the multiple reviews below. Listen up Air Canada your customers are giving you vital feedback but you appear to be doing nothing about it! Won't be flying Rouge again until something is done about this problem. Smarten up as we have other choices.
Do you prefer quality or cheap pricing? (Vancouver - Maui). My parents brother and myself flew to Maui on February 13. Our flight was supposed to leave at 6.20 but we were delayed for 2.5 hours! Once we boarded we then found out that there were mechanical issues so we had to de-board the Boeing 767-300/ER. Another 2 hours later and we were finally off to Maui. The flight wasn't anything to write home about - what you would expect from a "low budget" airline. But what was upsetting is that we did not arrive in Maui until around 4.30-5 in the morning. We had to wait 3 hours until the car rental places opened up. I would not recommend Air Canada Rouge to any Canadians that are planning on going to Hawaii this fall or winter. Take Alaska Airlines or Hawaiian out of either Seattle or Portland. You definitely know what you are getting from those two airlines.
No seat back entertainment for transatlantic flight Toronto to Dublin yes I know you can have your personal electronic and download app but with three kids - nice/need to have hands free! Seats as hard as the road no leg room and when I asked flight attendant to ask the person in front to put their seat upright just for the meal service I was told no you have to ask them. Shirking the responsibility or what? Instead of fancy ridiculous looking uniforms that probably cost a fortune what about spending it on the very outdated 767!
Flew back from Rome to Montreal (9 hour plus flight) plus had a one hour delay Have been spoiled by the regular Air Canada flights (elite status). Had read emails about the "Rouge" experience from others well Air Canada has embarked on a journey to destroy their brand which took many years of solid service to develop. Forget the direct flights with Rouge take the alternatives. My next trip to Europe will be with Lufthansa. Nice to have had the chance to catch up on old movies - due to lack of choice!
I am a seasoned business traveller. I've flown just about every week for the past three years mostly on Star Alliance partner airlines and very regularly with Air Canada. I flew Air Canada Rouge from Las Vegas to Toronto and was completely and wholly dissatisfied with my experience. I'm a big guy (6'2) but by no means a giant. I could not even come close to fitting my legs straight in my seat. I had to sit with my legs bent for a 4 hour+ flight and am still feeling it in my knees and back two days after the flight. The plane was sweltering hot - I witnessed at least a dozen different passengers complain about how warm it was only to have the flight attendants tell us that the temperature could not be controlled by them (obviously a lie). And despite being a red eye the plane flew with significant cabin lighting on. I've flown many red eye's before and have never seen such a bright cabin. I know Air Canada will respond with some ridiculous template message that there is an option for preferred/first class seating with more leg room but in this case the flight was full and a first class upgrade was going to cost me over $200. I will make it my personal mission to never fly Air Canada Rouge again.
AC 1920 August 4th YUL-FCO. AC 1921 August 18th FCO-YUL. Probably the worst airline I have ever flown with. What a disappointment! Nothing is up to date old aircraft with no leg room. The application for personal entertainment kept on crashing. Worst food ever. Never again.
I can understand Air Canada trying to compete with other lower cost carriers but with their Airbus planes used by Rouge I think they have gone too far. Last week I flew from Toronto to Montego Bay with Rouge (Airbus) and 2 days ago the return flight with the same plane. The seat pitch is far to small I am 5 ft 8 in and my knees had only about 1 inch of clearance and the seat cushions don't have the density to cushion anything. There is a huge difference between Rouge and regular Air Canada flights. I would not recommend Rouge simply due to the uncomfortable seats and the lack of legroom.
Flight was Ok seats seem even smaller my knees hit the seat in front of me. Entertainment system still does not support android devices - very disappointing.
AC 1854 13 Aug 2014 LAS-YYZ. Rouge is an intentional cheat by Air Canada management. This masquerade - selling Rouge under the guise of normal AC is criminal. You don't even know it's Rouge at time of booking. No difference in fare from normal AC. Aircraft (A319) is fine. Staff are fine. Issue is seats and legroom even for smaller people. Would be OK for flights less than 2 hours but to use for cross-Canada/US is absolute rubbish. Stand up Air Canada and don't even put the label Air Canada before Rouge. We know the game and it's clear it's all about cheating the customer.
AC 1900 Toronto to Athens. July 31st. Such a disappointment! Terrible seats minimal food no free alcohol on overseas flights no in seat entertainment and the crew looked very very young. We paid far too much for this terrible flight.
After 5 flights on Rouge I will avoid them at all costs and fly any other alternative most likely WJ from now on. All my rouge experiences have been on the lowly 319's and on YYC-LAS-YYC but as so many others have stated leg room is number 1 (I'm 6'2) uncomfortable seats (I can't understand how some reviewers say these are comfortable?) lack of any amenities. Cheerful and enthusiastic but non-effective FA's Very poor gate's at LAS (compared to WJ) etc. I've heard the 767's are marginally better (30" pitch vs 29" doesn't sound like anything wonderful) but at this point I'm not willing to even try if that's an option in the future. AC you've lost another LT customer.
I knowingly booked on AC Rouge YVR-SFO because that's the only flight which worked with my schedule. Flight was delayed one hour but that's due to SFO runway construction/inbound restrictions. We were kept updated so no complaints there. In all fairness the in-flight service was no better or worse than any mainline AC short-haul service (that is serviceable without wow factor.) Where they really fall down is the lack of legroom. 29" pitch felt rather claustrophobic and I'm not even tall. Be warned if you're anything over 5'5". I did appreciate one of the pilots standing by the door thanking passengers upon disembarking. All in all for an 1 hr 50 flight it really was quite okay and I'd do the same flight with AC Rouge in the future. Any longer I don't think I'll ever go for based on seat discomfort alone. P.S. we were only offered a small cup of juice/pop/water but for such a short flight I really don't give a toss.
Flew Toronto to Punta Cana. I booked using Air Canada vacations on mistaken assumption that this would afford me a better seat due to star alliance status. Of my 1 million miles flown most international this is my first user review and this flight was the worst seat with the worst legroom that I have ever experienced. Plus the wonderful person in front of me reclined throughout all the time airborne. I guess buyer beware and I should have researched the airline before but I do feel scammed by AC and won't be flying them again any time soon.
I was expecting an Air Canada flight with the same service I have been used to over the years only to find out at the last minute I was on a Rouge flight. I paid the same price as an Air Canada flight but ended up with Rouge. Just when I was expecting a Calgary - Vegas nice comfortable flight I ended up with this expensive bait and switch. Now if I paid a third less cost for my flight then it would be no issue.
YYZ-MCO. This is basically a budget airline so with that in mind it wasn't bad. My main criticism was the terrible legroom - I would suggest they fix the seats in the upright position as the European budget carriers do because when someone reclines it really is very uncomfortable.
Flight 1899 on May 9th. The airline might be marketing this as low cost but it is certainly low cost for them and not the passengers. I got "rouged" on a "business" flight from Las Vegas and thought for a second I was on Ryanair or Air Berlin. In business they took the Lufthansa short haul idea of simply blocking the economy seat off next to you. The flight attendant told me after we took off that I would need an app on my phone (how can I get that in flight?) and then halfway through the flight offered me an iPad to use after I complained this was pretty silly. It wasn't cheaper it wasn't good it was all around terrible. I guess it helps AC make their sales number but it sure doesn't help the passengers in any way. Maybe if it was 50% less than what it is now it might be worth a look. Steer clear!
6 August YUL-YYZ (AC 835) YYZ-SAN (AC-Rouge 1887). 12 August SAN-YYZ (AC-Rouge Business 1886) YYZ-YUL (AC 834). One of the worst flights that I have taken - absolutely no leg room an entertainment selection that malfunctioned on two flights and shockingly unprofessional service. The worst business class in the industry. The only thing that is low cost about Rouge is the service and comfort.
Travelled to Canada from Barbados on July 30th didn't have a clue that it would not be an Air Canada flight until couple days before departure when I received an email on this issue. There is no inflight entertainment unless you rent a iPad for CDN$10 the movies are not that up to date either. In the email your are told that if you have an APPLE device (iPadiPhoneiPod) you can go on the app store and download the Rouge app with will allow you to watch the movies on your device. All I can say is what a plug for APPLE. Legroom in economy is poor and the seat is uncomfortable. I booked on Air Canada not Rouge and felt cheated especially as I was travelling with an elderly person and a child. Air Canada needs to inform the public upfront and not after tickets are purchased. I have no expectations that our return flight home will be any different.
We travelled from Manchester to Las Vegas via Toronto with Rouge. The flight was 3 hours late leaving Manchester and the organisation at Manchester was dreadful. The crew were very kind and understanding but the food was poor and left a lot to be desired. The onward flight to Vegas was fine. The return flight from San Francisco was good but the flight to Manchester was again delayed by 3 hours. We then were informed that two passengers had refused to fly and we had a to wait another 90 minutes while bags were unloaded. It all seemed so laid back. Don't think we will repeat the experience rather go via Heathrow.
We flew to Orlando from Montreal last February. The seats had very little padding. It was very uncomfortable. The distance between seats was very little causing great discomfort when the seat in front was pushed back. I had to push it forward to get out of the seat. Entertainment was non existent unless you wanted to pay. We took our own food because of previous experience. All in all we would not fly Rouge again. We only fly Air Canada because we have very few options.
When flight was booked we were not told it was Air Canada Rouge and did not find out until we selected seats. Legroom was totally inadequate. I am 6" tall and could not sit with my legs straight forward. I had to angle my legs to fit and that was very uncomfortable for a short flight (2+hrs) let alone if we had been on a long flight. Like most economy flights the service and amenities were non-existent. The least they could do is give you a comfortable seat with decent legroom!
Montreal to Las Vegas return. No legroom (I'm only 5'10" average height for a male and my knees were constantly pressed up against seat in front of me). No entertainment on board. No food. Jam-packed plane where they've clearly stuffed in as many seats as possible. Couldn't sleep a lick as no room and seat reclines maybe 4 inches max. Everyone on the plane around us was also complaining of how uncomfortable this flight was. 5.5 hr flight and they made us pay $10 to rent an ipad off them if we wanted entertainment! Avoid at all costs. Not worth the small savings over regular Air Canada service.
Do not take AC Rouge to Costa Rica! We did this last February (2014) and will never use them again. On our return trip to Toronto my husband had broken ribs and the crew did nothing to help make him comfortable. Every time I would ask for a pillow or something - I was basically ignored. They crew felt it better to stand up front and talk amongst themselves. They did not even help him to his seat since he was in a wheel-chair.
Higher priced than competition such as Air Transat Sunwing or Westjet but not much comfort you pay for everything even for blankets. Audio or video is not for anyone anymore. You need an ipad and you receive multimedia via wifi streaming. For half of passengers it does not work because prior to boarding you had to download an app to watch movies and for the other half a good proportion did not use headphones and had their ipads at full volume. People hang their ipads on the seat in front of them and it falls during turbulence not very safe. For legs it is not comfortable. If the passenger in front of you reclines and there is an emergency you're stuck impossible to get out of your seat except if you're a contortionist. Tables are not adapted for North American market if you have a belly something you see more and more in Canada the table rests on your belly and can't be flat. But there are some good points flight attendants are smiling and courteous and the flight went well in general on time. But mainly because the lack of comfort during the whole flight my girlfriend and I will avoid Air Canada knowing that at any moment we can be "Rouged". It sounds like someone found a good way to sabotage Air Canada.
AC 1908 Toronto to Dublin 5/28/14 and AC 1909 Dublin to Toronto 6/6/14. Worst International flight I've ever had and having lived out of the country for 10 years I been on innumerable flights. Seats feel like they were reclaimed off of a discarded school bus. Thinnest I've seen. No leg room and sardines would feel relieved. I'm surprised they didn't charge to turn on the air as they charge for everything else and the chicken didn't even taste like chicken. We were so tired on landing that it ruined the first day in Dublin so no value. I use to live in Canada and thought AC was pretty decent but they really screwed up with this.
I have tried Rouge twice. They first time was awful but as always I give everything a second chance. The second time was even worse. There is no leg room at all none. I am 6 foot tall 205 lbs which is average and my knees were almost in my chest. Shame on you Air Canada for doing this. Its impossible for a guy like me to sit in those seats. No entertainment so I stared at the back of my seat for 3 hours. The second time I bought my Ipad and they entertainment was way outdated. Come on air Canada really? I do like the new outfits and younger more pleasant attendants. But my personal experiences are not good. Will avoid them at all costs even if I have to use 2 planes.
In the middle of a 3-week stay in Barbados. Dread the thought of the trip home. AC Rouge was startlingly inadequate. The tray would not come down when the seat was tilted back. Very cramped. Insult to injury the attendants and the pilot said numerous times "sit back and enjoy the flight." Really! Last time for the Peoples' Airline for me if I can help it.
Flight 1914 on May 22 from Toronto to Barcelona / Flight 1915 on June 4 from Barcelona to Toronto. Onboard I began to look for the headphone plug and I was shocked to find out that there is no entertainment system available.…No TV movies or music for a flight that is over 8 hours long. Only option was to rent an iPad and connect to the plane's WiFi but what do you do when you travel with all your family? You rent many iPads? Moreover what happens when your battery is empty again you are left with nothing to do but sit in the uncomfortable limited space that you have. Other bad points for Rouge on the flight back the overhead light was not working so we could not even read a book. Rouge does not offer individual climate control so if you are too hot there is nothing you can do to get a little more air. The crew wasn't so good they seem very disorganized and service was bad. When the meal service got to us we had no choice. We got our beverage long after the meal and again they ran out of a lot of selections. I would accept a lot of those inconveniences for a short/medium length flight but I cannot accept such conditions for long flights. Our experience with Air Canada Rouge was a disaster and I would never recommend Air Canada Rouge to anyone. And I will do all I can to avoid it in the future.
We flew Air Canada 2 weeks ago (not Rouge) Toronto - Munich on an outbound leg to Athens. While boarding the craft in Toronto was a little disorganized the flight and service was great and the flight would have rated full stars across the board. Our return flight was AC 1901 Athens-Toronto only gets 3 stars for satisfaction as we did arrive safely and on time. That is really the only good thing to be said for it. This was an 11 hour flight through 7 times zones. The flight was half full so staff were not overworked. Unless you pushed the call attendant light they were only in evidence when the very poor meals were delivered (not served). No choice available limited beverage service followed 15 minutes later. One mid-flight trip down the aisle to slide some pretzels and 4 ounces of pop or juice onto your tray and two silent passes of an attendant with a bottle of water and the staff disappeared at least in our cabin. No entertainment available at the seat unless you were willing to pull out a credit card again to rent the airline tablet. The worst of it all was the total lack of comfort provided by the seat. We do not like having the seats in front of us recline so that is not really a problem however the seat design offers no support in the lower back and has restricted both aisle and window passengers from stretching their legs. The arm rest design means that you can inadvertently call the attendant or turn your light on or off. Others have commented on the lack of personal ventilation at the seat so I won't. A mixed blessing was having blankets and pillows provided prior to take-off. At 1pm this seemed a little like telling someone that they are being "put down for a nap". If you don't want them you must give up your limited space to store the items in the event that might want them. On the plus side overhead baggage storage was adequate (however this was not a full flight and might be a problem if fully loaded). Washrooms were adequate but masking tape holding dispensers and bins closed does not inspire confidence. As has become the norm the audio system was poor - either the airline staff need a lesson in microphone use and diction or the system needs an overhaul as most announcements were so "mushy" as to be indecipherable. Finally while we recognize that the airport is responsible at this point the baggage pick-up was a bit of a problem as the overhead monitors specified one carousel but the baggage actually arrived on a different one.
May 30 I left Las Vegas on AC 1854 taking the overnight flight to Toronto. Check in at McCarran was disorganized. Not an auspicious start to my journey. As for the Air Canada Rouge flight I will rate the following aspects as poor: 1) Professionalism: Upon boarding the aircraft I was greeted by the flight attendants with a rather chummy “Hi guys! How was Vegas?”2) Comfort: The seats are now very close together with little or no leg room. 3) In-flight entertainment: Non-existent. I realize that I could have rented an iPad for $10 but why would I want to use something that has been handled by other travellers? This can't be sanitary. 4) Passenger information: The interior cabin lights remained on for the entire flight. I did finally find out why but at the outset no announcement was made by the in-flight crew to explain the situation. This left a lot of passengers both wondering what was going on and feeling very inconvenienced. This was an overnight flight. To leave the lights on (since the reading lights were apparently not operational) in order to allow a few passengers to read is unacceptable. I am looking forward to a return visit to Las Vegas in October. This time I will be taking our two daughters with me. I would not want to subject them to the unacceptable in-flight experience that I experienced with Air Canada Rouge. We will be flying with West Jet. In the future I will never fly Air Canada Rouge again. Lowering service standards is not the way to keep customers. You have lost this one.
I flew Air Canada Rouge round trip to Dublin in their so called Premium/Business class. While we had executive class check-in the quality that I have come to know in AC Business class stopped there. No access to the lounge or a priority check-in line. The seats were very uncomfortable with very little decline-trying to get some sleep on the over night to Dublin was almost impossible due to the dis-comfort. Breakfast prior to arriving in Dublin was almost non-existent-very poor. On the return flight to Toronto no Cdn newspaper wine served in plastic class did not have the choice of meal I wanted. At least our luggage was first out. I also try to fly AC but in the case of Rouge I will try to avoid it if I have other options available to me.
On May 8 2014 my husband and I boarded AC1894 to Tampa. It turned out to be one of the worst Air Canada flights we have endured. The seats were very uncomfortable and extremely tight. The leg space was so tight in fact that I was not able to open up the in-flight magazine and read it properly. In addition the flight attendants were very young and inexperienced which gave us cause for concern. The French announcements were made by an attendant who was clearly not bilingual as she struggled. The other issue we encountered was the in-accessibility to an entertainment system. The only option is an ITunes system available only to users who operate Apple products. The in-cabin hospitality was terribly slow mostly due to the inexperience of the staff. There was little co-ordination between the food cart staff and the drink cart staff. Consequently we had to wait more than 20 minutes for the drinks to catch up to our meals. To further add to our dissatisfaction the hotel arranged and paid for by Air Canada for the inconvenience of the overnight stay in Toronto was not of a very high standard. The hotel was clearly old and smelled of smoke. The room was very small and the climate control equipment extremely noisy and had to be shut off in order to get any sleep. The main reason for our dissatisfaction is that we had booked Air Canada flights and expected to receive the Air Canada service we were accustomed to and had paid for. We did not select Rouge. Rouge was forced upon us. We were not offered any suitable replacement flights and did not receive any compensation for the loss of services and amenities. In future we will be very strongly considering other airline companies and other options when we fly. Air Canada Rouge will not be an option or a preference again. It is our belief that Air Canada will be losing a lot of customers due to this change.
Flight 1901 on June 3rd and I was very disappointed. 1) There was no free entertainment if a passenger did not have their own device for accessing the internet using the plane's WiFi. We were charged $10 CAN to rent an ipad. 2) The overhead reading light did not work for my seat. 3) There was no individual climate control (overhead cool air blower) available in economy class. Therefore I found the cabin temperature quite warm and uncomfortable during my 11 hour flight. 4) The emergency exit lights on the floor which the cabin crew referred to prior to take-off were not apparent. This was cause for concern about our safety in the event of an emergency evacuation. 5) The movie/music selection on the rental iPad was limited and unsatisfactory. 6) No magazines or newspapers were offered to passengers prior to take-off. This was disappointing in view of the long 11 hour flight. 7) The cabin crew were polite but rather unprepared inefficient and immature. They ran out of orange juice while serving beverages and I had to wait until the next beverage run hours later in order to get my beverage of choice. 8) There was no video flight map available on the airplane and the captain failed to provide periodic verbal communication to the passengers regarding our whereabouts. 9) No fresh towelettes were offered to us prior to meals. Thus I was obliged to get up and go to the washroom to wash my hands prior to my meals. This was not ideal given that the cabin crew was in the isles serving passengers. My overall experience was extremely poor and I shall never fly Air Canada Rouge ever again!
Travelled to Las Vegas from Toronto on May 30 2014. Flight seats were tight and very old. No more Air Canada.
YYZ-LAS return on as part of an AC Vacations package. I'd read the negative reviews online but thought I could suffer the inconvenience for the 4-5 hour flight. Got onboard and was greeted by smiling cheery FA's dressed like they were going to a high school prom as opposed to being professionals but as has been said they were friendly. I managed to squeeze into my seat (15C-aisle) which was not much fun and the plane hadn't even moved yet. I'm 6'3" and even with legs crossed one knee was in the aisle and the other was encroaching into the space of the middle seat. There is no inflight entertainment (IFE) which is fine as I always bring my iPad anyway but to see the FA's trying to flog rental iPads for $10 was in my opinion a bit tacky especially considering the limited numbers. The FA's appeared very young and generally inexperienced. The dreaded return flight home was equally as bad and I was even looking for alternative routings which would allow me to avoid suffering another 4 hours of discomfort and general amateur performance. Unfortunately I was not so fortunate and flew back to YYZ on the 'red eye' departing LAS at 2330Hrs due to delays (flight was due to depart shortly past 2300 hrs). Again the inexperience and amateur behaviour of supposedly trained FA's was on display with one looking as though he'd just spent all night in a casino as he wandered up and down the aisle with a dishevelled uniform tie loosely done and top button open. Once the initial drink service was completed I expected the main cabin lights to be dimmed so people could sleep but no the lights remained ON during the entirety of the overnight flight which I couldn't understand but of course given the rest of the performance it wouldn't have surprised me if the FA's didn't know how to turn down the lights! Overall Rouge is a discount product being offered as a full fare premium product which is wrong on so many levels. I've flown many low cost carriers in various parts of the world and they all share the same features (or lack thereof) as Rouge yet they're openly advertised and priced as 'low cost' and 'no frills' which is something Air Canada is not doing with Rouge. Never again will I fly this pitiful excuse for an airline lack of legroom not withstanding and if Air Canada does not smarten up and listen to its customer base I will be moving all of my business elsewhere.
I travelled to Florida in March and was quite surprised at the services offered by Rouge. I was shocked to think that we had a 3 hour flight with no inflight TV screen to be able to watch movies etc. I detest the assumption that everyone has a device to be able to watch a movie etc. and always considered it part of the entertainment provided on my flight. I had my 90 year old mother with me and she was very frustrated at not being able to watch anything while travelling. If the flights were dramatically cheaper I could understand not having all of the conveniences but we definitely did not pay a cheaper flight. We are giving Air Canada another chance in flying to Las Vegas in July but if we do not have a better experience will reconsider future flying with Air Canada. Based on the reviews that I see here Air Canada better rethink it's Rouge airline set up before it loses all of its customers.
Calgary to Las Vegas direct flight AC1896. Rouge is a clear statement of Air Canada's utter disdain for its 'leisure' traveller. God forbid there is an emergency I fear what might happen due to hampered ability to get in and out of seats with the reduced space - hard to articulate how tight it is but many men had their knees pressed into the seat in front of them and no room to bend over to put their things under front seat. Air Canada charges full AC fares - provides no fare discount to fly Rouge but the experience in every way is to fly a discount airline - but at full AC fare which will ultimately negatively impact their bottom line - despite timing and routing options. The fact that AC flights can be bumped to Rouge makes me hesitant to book AC again - if I pay for a transatlantic business class - a pod - I don't want to be crammed in a small seat -3 per section! Never again will I fly Rouge! One upside - the FAs are in a word sweet.
I booked my daughter and her friend from Toronto to Athens. They were in row 27 Emergency Exit seats. My daughter said it was horrific and never to be repeated. Freezing in the cabin to the degree shivering so hard she couldn't sleep. Served drinks once when took off and once 1 hour prior to landing. No service and she couldn't imagine how much worse it would have been in non-emergency row seats.
AC1914 May 17 2014. Flew from Toronto to Barcelona. A little over 8 hours. The seats were cramped with no legroom. I am 5' 3" 118 lbs and could barely fit. No entertainment unless you had an IPAD. Then you could use their system or rent one for 10 bucks! Asked for a blanket. Another 10 bucks for purchase only. Asked for a glass of wine. Another $6.50! The one meal that we received was horrible. The "snack" was a dry piece of cake.
Rouged in March for a May YVR-LAX flight. Too late to change to anyone else. So annoyed I did an interview on CBC which went National. Crew was pleasant seats were extremely uncomfortable being 6"2". Never ever again. It's all about the money.
Booked a trip to Vegas and thought we were flying with Air Canada until we got our itinerary that said Air Rouge. The airplane itself was run down and dirty. The seats were uncomfortable but thankfully we paid for the exit rows so we had more leg room. The overhead bins are small and you likely won't get 2 roller cases in the bins. We sat in Row 27 A and C on flight 1851 to Vegas and my boyfriend froze the left side of his body on the flight down. The crew seem very disorganized and no one seems to really know what is going on. There would be an announcement in French only and as an Anglophone I have no idea what they were saying so here's hoping it wasn't overly important. During the flight we had some turbulence and the seat belt sign was on but people continued to use the washrooms and the crew allowed them to do so. Don't think they actually have inflight entertainment as this isn't the case. We downloaded the app onto our Ipad and truthfully it was a waste of time. Their idea of inflight entertainment is to allow you to watch 10 mins of a show and then it crashes forcing you to have to log back on and try and find where you were in the show. This happened to us several times and finally we gave up because a 44 min show would have taken us well over an hour to watch and it was frustrating to have to keep logging back in. One gentleman on our flight even returned his $10 Ipad he borrowed as it's a waste of money when the entertainment doesn't work. We have decided that if we can't fly with Air Canada not Rouge then we will book with another airline regardless of price because this was horrible.
As a long time customer of Air Canada I will now be looking at other airlines for my frequent trips from Vancouver to California. Rouge represents a major drop in quality from Air Canada. There is no entertainment centre and the leg room is the same that I experienced on an Air Transat charter flight when we were packed in like sardines - my knees were touching the seat in front of me. Anyone over 5' 11' is simply not going to fit in the tiny seats. From my perspective this has severely damaged the Air Canada brand and presents a big opportunity for its competitors.
We flew Rouge from Venice to Toronto on May 25th. The flight had mechanical problems which certainly can't be forecast. Hence we were about 5.5 hours late. The crew was delightful they did what they're supposed to do about the delay. The praise stops there. The seats were unbearably uncomfortable and we were in the Economy Plus section. Our leg room was fine it was the seat itself that was the problem. The poor folks behind us were packed in like sardines. This is the first 767-300 I've ever seen with 53 rows of seats. My wife and I both got swollen legs even though we got up and walked frequently. I don't think we'll choose Rouge again.
Flew from Montreal to Nice and then Rome to Montreal. Didn't realize when I booked that Rouge was AC's new discount holiday carrier. My fault. But really shocked at the age of the planes with the old drop down ceiling screens. I knew they had the new inflight streaming entertainment Westjet is going this way too but I didn't realize it was because the planes were so old! Don't think they have been cleaned since they were new either the floors crevices bathrooms walls of both planes were filthy. My seat from Rome was broken and slanted towards the centre. The flight attendants were very sweet all of them barely out of high school. They giggled when they mispronounced words or messed up the announcement. Very cute but wondered who would ever lead whom should an emergency arise. I didn't like my odds. Would not fly Rouge again.
Booked a trip to Cancun from Toronto and was surprised to arrive on board and see the business class cabin had been replaced by some awful seats. You no longer get the business class you paid for just a regular economy seat with nobody in the middle. Food and beverages were the same but completely lacking in seat comfort complete bait and switch by Air Canada on this one should have received a refund. Only good thing was I had two tray tables to play with. No IFE either and the streaming they offered the newest movie I could find was Cliffhanger! Truly pathetic.
I was switched to Rouge after booking a business class ticket on a regular Air Canada flight to Phoenix. The Rouge version of business class is shocking. It is the same small uncomfortable seats in economy but they do not book the middle seat. There is little to no overhead storage and people in business class ended up having their bags stored in economy which made disembarking a delayed and frustrating experience. This month Air Canada "rouged" me again by switching a business class flight I had booked to Hawaii. We demanded - and received - a full refund. I will never ever fly Rouge again and I will make every effort to avoid Air Canada in general.
NAS-YYZ 06/03/14. Worst flight taken. Legroom was non existent. I cannot agree more with comments from previous reviews. $10 dollars to rent an ipad! On the positive side the flight was on time.
Took 2 trips on Premium rouge (out of necessity not by choice). One was paid as exec ticket YVR to MCO but YYZ to MCO was rouge without notice. Horrid seats. No space. Now they are expanding wish they had kept at least one flight a day on mainline AC on these routes. I am a million Mile member and not very happy with AC Rouge.
Recently flew DUB-YYZ return with Rouge. Absolutely awful flight the seats were absolutely tiny the food was intolerable. I wouldn't regard myself as claustrophobic but I definitely felt a little panicky because I couldn't move my legs properly and the seat in front was uncomfortably close to my face. I'd fly with Aer Lingus if I went again or go out of my way to find a connection from another European airport because I definitely couldn't withstand the torture of this trip again.
Dangerous lack of legroom. Knees touched back of seat and I am only 5' 8". Could not get my carry-on under the seat because the seats were too close. No wonder they ask people to check their carry-ons. Changed my return flight to another airline. Catering only to Apple products is unfair. Bring back in-flight entertainment centers free movies. Not worth any supposed savings. Will never fly this airline again and I am long time Aeroplan member and always fly Air Canada. Revamp this airline now.
We flew from Toronto to Barcelona (Flt 1914) on 5/29. It was the worst (non-weather related) air travel we've ever had. We spent $180 for extra legroom and the seats turned out to be in a bulkhead something we never choose even when free because it's actually less room if you need to stretch your legs. (The bulkhead location had not been shown online during the purchase.) The plane was so cold we used blankets over our overcoats. Somehow the "ice" water and juice we requested were warmer than the plane. We couldn't get comfortable in the seats and couldn't get the air to work. The dinner was barely edible and when breakfast came we did not even open the saran wrapped bagels that felt more like dog biscuits. The flight attendants did not seem to understand they had a responsibility to attend. Beverages were not offered nearly often enough. We had trash on our trays for hours at a time. Bathrooms were littered and had no toilet paper nor tissues. We'll avoid Air Canada Rouge in the future.
Booked on Air Canada only to find out our flight from Toronto to San Diego was switched to Rouge. Too late to change or do anything about it. The seats are awful sitting in the middle seat is torture if you are a bit claustrophobic. Being short I could not even see the flight attendant doing the safety demonstration and of course no entertainment. I don't know if it is another "benefit" of Rouge but you never hear the pilot and you have no idea where your flight is at (no map no screen no communication). When I asked the flight attendant how long until we get to destination it was "like about 2 or 3 hours but I will check". Never heard back from her (it was an hour). I don't know how the AC spokesperson can keep a straight face when she says passengers are happy with Rouge. I guess if they keep saying it they will eventually believe it. I will never fly Rouge again.
This was my second flight on Air Canada Rouge. Paid J fare for Las Vegas to Toronto in May. Leg room tight no closet for jackets no newspapers meal service all over the map ran out of wine and most disappointing once again the crew was poorly trained although pleasant. The only positive - it was a non stop flight. Will avoid Rouge whenever possible making my overseas loyalty to AC mainline more tenuous.
Phoenix to Toronto business class May 30th 2014. An absolute insult to people like us who paid for business class. How Air Canada is getting away with this boggles the mind. We have already looked into traveling WestJet for our next trip to PHX. AC will be a last choice from now on - enough is enough. The seats are identical to those in cabin area. Only difference is there are two pillows stacked on the centre seat which makes it unusable. Armrests do not lift either. Tight and very uncomfortable seats. Tray could barely support the weight of my Macbook laptop. These are old planes that are retrofitted. Very young crew did not inspire confidence. Tried telling me my seat # was B25 - I explained that was the Gate #. No beverage cart service. No snacks.
I recently travelled from Toronto to Athens Greece on Air Canada rouge - it was a most unpleasant experience. I would never do it again if I can avoid it! No leg room - could not cross legs. No entertainment features. Bathrooms very dirty after 10 hours.
Booked our trip from the Bahamas to Canada on May 15th from Air Canada. After hearing about Rouge I wondered and checked the reservation. It was Air Canada Rouge where the seats have been taken out replaced with cheaper shorter seats with no inflight entertainment or even a plug and they have added 2 rows. Not wanting to endure that flight with nothing to do I loaded the laptop with stuff to watch. We boarded and found out the man in the window seat had taken my aisle seat. After we fixed that I found out why. He said he had been flying Air Canada for 22 years and had never had that little leg room. After we were in the air I pulled out the laptop case from under my feet and found out I did not have enough room to open it. I slid it into the aisle to open was told not to do that but got the laptop out. I pulled out my tray put the laptop on it opened the laptop to find out there wasn't enough room to open the screen high enough to view it. I am a thin woman so I pulled the tray into my chest and the laptop closer too. That worked and I watched a movie the whole flight. Every time somebody went down the aisle they hit my seat which jabbed the laptop into my chest a bit more. I can no longer fly the real Air Canada to the Bahamas WestJet flies there too and they have normal legroom and inflight entertainment.
Have been a long time supporter of AC but after this first experience flying Rouge I will avoid it at all cost unfortunately still have my return ticket. I always appreciated that even in normal economy AC provided reasonable room in seating - today my knees were pressed against seat in front of me and then the person in front of me reclined their seat to allow me to get to know my tray table on a very intimate basis. Lack of services in flight just gave everything a very cheap feeling - except when I looked at the fare I paid I realized not all was "cheap". Time to stop worrying about accumulating points and start looking for a better airline choice. Found it interesting that they switched me from regular AC to Rouge on my Toronto-Phoenix flight the sent email saying we understand people are unhappy and if you contact us you can get your money back in full - no questions! Makes me think I am not the only one and even AC knows deep down they haven't got it right.
I needed to fly to Orlando for a conference May 16 2014 and booked on Air Canada Rouge because it was the only option on the day/time I needed to fly. I was not aware that Rouge was the new "vacation line" the term the flight crew used when I expressed astonishment at the lack of personal entertainment systems. As a business traveler I expect better options and was unhappy with the (lack of) comfort in the cramped seats the lack of power at the seats the slow food/beverage service due to the first 70 minutes of service dedicated to renting the i-Pads for movie/Wi-Fi. The crew were very attention and pleasant which was a nice surprise from the usual variable AC crew. Regretfully crew alone will not get me back on a Rouge flight unless there are absolutely no other options.
LAS-YYZ: tight seats had an aisle seat and had to keep my legs in the aisle as there was no space in my seat (for a 6 foot guy). I don't know how long Air Canada will be able to get away with this but I will do everything in my power to avoid Rouge. Overpriced cramped and minimal value for money.
We were jammed in like cattle on flights from Montreal to Orlando return on Air Canada Rouge. Legroom was substandard. You pay substantially less to fly on Sunwing and Ryanair for this type of service so why is Air Canada allowed to sell regular priced tickets for Sunwing and Ryanair type service.
Decided to visit Toronto and Vancouver for a month. Wanted to miss London so agent found us a direct flight from Dublin to Toronto as leg one of the trip. Got tickets. Later that day the flight was cancelled. A week later flight re-instated. Two days before leaving flight time delayed two hours. On arrival at airport flight again delayed 1.5 hours. Lots of jollity singing dancing and dignitaries to launch this 'NEW ROUGE' enterprise. We the passengers not involved totally ignored if the truth be known after 'another' hour the flight finally takes off - 4 hours and 20 minutes after the time we booked. As so many others have said the crew were officious and diffident the food was worse than poor no entertainment even though we had bought an 'Android' tablet for the trip so we had 7 hours and 20 minutes of utter boredom. Couldn't read either none of my armrest lights worked.
AC booked ticket got changed to Rouge with loss of seat selection. Seats were very small and uncomfortable. Staff on the flight down did manage to serve the entire cabin but did not offer iPads for rent to anyone in economy. On the return flight there was no food stocked. Staff appear to be uncoordinated amongst themselves to get the service completed or attend to passengers needs.
Calgary to LAX: 45 min delayed departure due to some issue with a seat belt poor flight attendant service (last 10 rows did not appear to get served beverages due to poor coordination between attendants) little leg room. To top it all off this flight was originally booked with Air Canada (with advance seat selection included). Our flights were switched by AC to Rouge and they would not honour our original seat reservations. As we were traveling with a disabled adult and wanted to sit together we had to pay AC another $208 (4 seats - 2 flights) to get confirmed seats. On the return flight (LAX to Calgary) our Rouge flight (along with another Rouge flight) was cancelled due to "engine problems". Imagine that two flights within hours of each other both with engine problems! AC did give us breakfast vouchers but also promised lunch vouchers once we were through security. Unfortunately after that point no body at AC knew anything about lunch vouchers. The only good thing about this whole sorry episode was the replacement plane was not a "Rouge" plane. It had decent leg room and in flight entertainment. AC also mysteriously credited back $104 to my mastercard. Could it be they felt guilty about charging me for seat selection on the return flight (seats that I had when I originally booked this trip)?
I booked 2 tickets from Montreal to Las Vegas in business class and paid more than $ 5000. I was seated in the first row and have never had so little leg room in any airline including economy class. I moved to a back seat during the flight and I had more room than where I was seated. No place to put my jacket no place to .ut my carry on as first four bins were full with Air Canada equipment. No entertainment screen. They give you an Ipad so you can watch 15 year old movies. No place under my seat to store my computer. The flght attendant took it away during takeoff and landing and I had to ask to get it back after take off. The tray in the first row is very small and no place to put a glass. A passenger to my right spilled his coffee twice. Very inexperienced staff. She spilled water on me and no excuses. He would serve men before women. My travelling companion received a wet towel but not me or at least 5 other travelers in business class. The toilets at the front were available to everyone on the plane. I asked to hang my jacket and they told me that they do not have any room and to put in on the middle seat. When you book a seat in business class you expect quality and comfort. The way I see it I ended up paying $ 3000 for our two meals.
For a transatlantic flight it was not up to par. Many have complained about the seats. That isn't my biggest complaint. It is the overhead compartments - they are undersized. You cannot fit 2 standard carry-on sized bags inside them. I had to place mine about 8 rows back. The lack of decent entertainment/info system is wanting. Unless you have a mobile device and previously uploaded the player app you will need to rent an ipad. I was pleasantly surprised that despite the notice saying that there is no power supply for devices I did find there was one. The notice recommended having your ipad/mobile fully charged prior to boarding but even so I don't know of any device that can last 6+ hours. I know Air Canada is often criticized for poor service and Rouge is not helping their reputation.
Montreal to Las Vegas. Many passengers I saw had tags on bags showing they were Elite status or higher. This was my first experience with Rouge and I will do everything I can to make sure it's my last. The comments noted by so many; cramped seating non existent inflight entertainment etc don't need to be repeated again. The level of frustration shown by most passengers who flew on Rouge shows such a blatant disregard for passenger comfort that it makes one ashamed to call this our Legacy airline.
Montreal to Athens and returned Athens to Toronto. The airfare was the same as my Air Canada flight to Athens the year previous so there was definitely no savings. Instead for the same price I was herded into a Boeing 767 that should have retired from service 10 years ago. Dingy is all I have to say. I am horrified that Air Canada is now replacing all of its mainline flights between Vancouver and Los Angeles with Rouge.
I got switched to Rouge on a Barbados to Toronto 6 hour flight without warning. The lack of entertainment was not an issue for me as I prefer to read but the seat size (I am quite small) is not acceptable for a long flight. My other complaint is that the Caribbean is not considered International and therefore meals are not served!! Purchased meals are unpalatable! I am a senior who has travelled Air Canada (and TCA before) all her life but will definitely be looking for alternatives.
When people book Air Canada flights and pay full price they should be told that they will be flying Rouge so that they have the choice to decline. The seats were very uncomfortable there was no TV and the plane really looked decrepid. The flight attendants seemed to just be an extension of the the whole sad situation. I have flown Air Canada since the 50's and was always proud of our Canadian airline. I find it a shame that we do no longer compete with other fine airlines of the world. From now on unless it is an extreme emergency I will never fly Air Canada again.
I was on an Air Canada Rouge flight from Venice to Toronto May 2014. The plane had no TV's and customers are expected to download an air Canada app in advance to their own smart phones i pads etc. They rent ipads for those without their own. The stewardess spent much of of the trip trying to trouble shoot problems with access to the system. Most people gave up and spent 10 hours with nothing to watch. That makes for a very long flight and makes the assumption that everyone is travelling with such a mobile device and wants to watch tv on their phone screen. This is not good customer service for such long flights. Also unless you had accessed the app before your flight it would not run movies or TV shows. Despite over an hour delay taking off in Venice to Toronto no Air Canada rep bother to advise travellers to download it in advance from the Venice airport internet service. Also there are no "new releases" in the movie options. The movies are "classics" and as old as the ruins in Rome. The flight was late back into Toronto and we were given incorrect info from the crew as to the gate for our flight connection in Toronto and we had to complete our journey standby.
I paid for an Air Canada fare from Halifax to Barbados. Toronto-Barbados portion was on Rouge. What a horribly plane. Luckily even with our flight almost full there was no one in the center seat. I am 6ft 1in I had to have my left leg over in the middle seat and my right leg into the aisle to get any measure of comfort and needless to say that was uncomfortable for 5hrs 45 mins. It actually made more sense for me to stand up during the flight. And the lack of individual monitors? Renting iPAds to watch movies? That's a curse in itself. The staff tried to be very helpful but how can they help you get more room when there is none.
I am only 5'8" and my knees touched the seat in front. Anyone 5'10" or over will not be able to fit in these seats without angling their legs. Staff young and friendly but inexperienced and their cavalier attitudes did not sit well after being cramped for a few hours. I purchased AC flights but was "Rouged" with no compensation. Air Canada was really improving the last few years and has taken a huge turn for the worse.
I booked a ticket from Calgary to Anchorage with a stopover in Vancouver and like many other commentators on here got my flight switched from Air Canada to Rouge to Anchorage (YVR-ANC). Fortunately I was sitting in the "bulkhead row" of economy otherwise my knees would have been going into the seat in front me. On both the flight there and back (3 hours) the flight attendants came through once to serve drinks and offer food. I found their cheery attitude even more annoying given that the service they gave was subpar. When I checked in they had an offer to "upgrade" to premium rouge on this flight for $300 (which I did not opt to do). You get more leg room and 2 free checked bags but that's about it since the seats are as narrow as economy. Getting free cheap booze and an okay meal is not worth that kind of money.
As someone who is over 6 feet and 220 pounds the only word I can use to describe Air Canada Rouge seating is inhumane. I can live with wireless movies no meals and pay for baggage but I do need a seat I can sit in without skinning my knees. I can honestly say Rouge seating is the worst I have had to endure.
Great vacation except we were put on Air Canada Rouge flights by Air Canada (Toronto-cancun and back)- even though our original booking was on Air Canada. We were not given a choice or told of the change or what the change would mean (and it did not equate to any kind of discount). I have never been so cramped on a plane - I'm only 5'5" and my knees touched the back of the next chair when it was reclined - I couldn't lift my purse from under the seat in front (and bags bigger then a purse will not fit under the seat). My husband is 5'10 and couldn't fit his legs in front of him so had to encroach on my space. The person to my left was over 6' and also encroached on my space - claustrophobic. The first thing the flight attendant said to me as I reached my seat was "do you like the legroom" and laughed. One of the bathrooms was out of order for the flight. There are no movies unless you purchase a tablet for $10. We didn't try any of the purchased food so can't comment about it. Added to all this - originally we booked a 2 hour layover back from Mexico in Toronto to have time make it through customs and having to go through security again before connecting flights (sadly happens at TO airport)- our "itinerary" change to a rouge flight lowered this to not much more than an hour. Flight crew very friendly and young and inexperienced. This has put a very bad taste in our mouth re: Air Canada who we have flown dozens of times with in the past. We mentioned it on our air Canada trip home and it seems that others feel the same.
I've been Rouged! Low cost really? I paid for an AC flight and got Rouged. I didn't receive any refund as it was the the same price as an AC flight. Business class is a joke. Don't waste your money as the only difference is you get 2 checked bags and a meal. Seats are 3x3 with no one in the middle. Why put the 3rd seat in? Entertainment is worse than before. I have 2 more flights that have been Rouged and then never again.
I just flew Rouge for the first and likely the last time YUL- CAN. The first thing you notice are the seats. I am 6'0" tall and found the seats to be very cramped uncomfortable and claustrophobic. If the person in front of you chooses to recline your eye-to-seatback distance becomes very small. This situation may be barely tolerable for flights under 2 hrs but for the 4.5 hrs to CAN it was tantamount to cruel and unusual punishment. The next thing you notice is that there is no traditional entertainment system. It is WiFi only and currently appears limited to iPad and some Windows devices. I have an Android tablet and therefore was not able to access their movie selection. What is surprising here is that an entertainment system that is designed around a bring-your-own-device concept provides no AC or USB access to power/charge your device. You also notice the "fun" attitude of the crew seems forced and disingenuous.
I travelled on AC/Rouge inaugural flight 02 May Dublin/Toronto in economy class. Much to my surprise this was on a new B767 My first class seat got transferred to Air Canada Rouge version of first class from Los Angeles to Vancouver BC which is a joke. This was done without my permission and without refunding any difference. They have 3 economy seats in the first class cabin on either side of the aisle and just do not sell the middle seat. The seats are narrow and uncomfortable. I feel like they are cheating first class passengers by selling economy seats in "first class". They provided a meal but that hardly covers the $500 plus cost difference from an economy seat.
These seem to be very old aircraft repainted though refurbished with the slim line seats which are perfect for slim line passengers - which I am not even though only 5'3" my knees are touching the seat in front. In the washrooms the doors still had an old metal ashtray. Crew is apparently paid to smile and be friendly. But after a half hour sitting on the runway they disappear and reappear when it's time to sell the $10 chicken wraps. I don t mind getting a low-cost carrier but if I don't get the low cost what is the use?
My wife got Rouged today paid for an AC seat got moved to Rouge without permission or compensation old planes poor leg room no power no food she can eat no options. She has to fly it to get home then we're WestJet and Delta out of Buffalo from now on. I'll be getting Rouged on Monday when I join her in Vegas WestJet from now on.
My husband and I planned a nice trip to Cuba with Air Canada Vacations - Toronto to Varadero and back in March. Everything was great - except for the flights on AC Rouge. We are both tall and were hideously cramped in the tiny Rouge seats. The food was expensive and terrible if I'd known how bad it was I would have taken my own. Both flights were crammed and on the way back we were not seated together and were seated in the middle of a huge group of high-school students. Fortunately the kids were pretty well-behaved. I am now going to Las Vegas and my flights have been Rouged even though we thought we were going with the real Air Canada. I am a frequent flyer and will stick with AC because I like the lounge and use the points - but they are going to hear from me about Rouge. As others have said it's a bait-and-switch. The late NationAir was better than Rouge - and they were awful!
Air Canada Rouge from Toronto to Barbados on May 12th. The worst flight of my life! I am only 5'2" and I have to say it was tight for me. The seats recline about 4 inches in total. When the person in front of my seat reclined the back of the seat was in my face! I felt sorry for the fellow in the window seat who was over 6' tall. I really don't know how he managed for the 5hr plus flight. His legs were stretched out the entire time so that he could fit into the seat. 2 guys behind me were hacking and coughing for the entire flight (not the fault of Rouge - but they should have worn masks or not be allowed on the plane). The staff was great and were cheerful throughout the entire flight. The overhead luggage bins are smaller than those on other planes. Then I discovered one of the reasons the bin space was further limited was that the crew had at least 3 of their bags in the bins so the paying customers had even less space for their items. I hope that reviews like this will be taken into consideration and that Rouge is not used on flights to Barbados. Also the seats were hard and uncomfortable. For 2 days since the flight my back and neck have been in a terrible state. I will not fly Air Canada again between Barbados and Toronto until more comfortable planes are in use.
They are now the only AC option from Calgary to Vegas which I fly 6 to 8 times a year. Awful experience with Rouge on my last and hopefully only flight with them (Westjet here I come). I am only 5' 7" and my knees were just about touching the back of the seat in front of me. I did bring my fully charged ipad to view the entertainment. Unlike regular AC flight which offer the latest movies the selection consisted of old movies most of which I had already seen. The image was often grainy reflecting the poor streaming quality of the WIFI. Staff extremely young and inexperienced and no i do not need their false cheeriness!
My wife and I were on AC 590 from Phoenix to Toronto May 5 when we were told at check in that there were aircraft problems. Much later it came out that the plane was inoperable but instead of another AC plane they had to find a Rouge plane-which they did in San Diego so it went to Toronto then Phoenix so a 10 hour delay for us. The ground crew said they have fielded nothing but complaints since Rouge started. This was just the latest. I am a million mile for life AC client and my wife is super elite for the last 3 years. The Rouge experience is bad - no leg room limited overhead baggage room (more people same space) no entertainment system and every flight we have been on leaves late. It is the overhead baggage that creates the problems. At one point Rouge did not allow the same aeroplan point saving until clients complained and it was changed. Whoever came up with this concept did not consider their current clients. The price of tickets is the same and now Westjet will fly from Toronto to Phoenix beginning in the fall and they will take AC customers for sure. Rouge started with the short hauls and leg room can be tolerated for 2 hours but now they are on long hauls. Dressing the crew in designer clothing will not overcome these issues and in fact this situation is not fare to these staff and ground personal that are handling these complaints.
Last week I flew Air Canada Rouge for the first time not realizing the difference from Air Canada when I made the booking. The leg room is absolutely ridiculous. I took a picture while seated. My hand reached from my seat to the one in front of me and I don't have big hands. Service was lackadaisical. I asked for coffee but was told it couldn't be served as the seat belt sign was on which is understandable. On "real" Air Canada flights this has happened to me and the flight attendant has brought coffee once the light goes off but not on Rouge. Rouge is not recommended unless the price is really great.
LAS-YYC. I never brought my iPad and it would not have mattered due to the fact that the system didn't function. I was travelling on my own on this trip but had I had my children it would have been even worse. We travel quite frequently but only have 1 iPad so I guess we will have to rent them now for the rest of the family. I also see we can't use them for the first 20 mins or the last 20 mins either. Why bother to watch a movie on a 2-3 hr flight as you would never get to see it all. No more place to charge devices either. Air Canada had a pretty good thing going and now it has taken a turn for the worse again. Whom ever thought up Rouge was obviously not the sharpest knife in the drawer. These types of major changes should have been piloted properly and reviews taken seriously. Very disappointed!
Awful customer service. The flight attendants care more about talking to each other than taking care of customers. Don't expect much water service -- expect to be dehydrated. There is a war at the gate over luggage due to the cramped seating - expect a lot of airline staff to be yelling at you. Seating is cramped awful uncomfortable. Avoid this airline.
Reserved and paid for regular Air Canada round trip Toronto to Puerto Vallarta last year for travel this April. Wound up on Rouge with a person with a dog in a carrier under the seat next to me. This left no space for the passenger's legs so he took part of my space which was tight enough already. When I politely asked for another seat I was told there were none. I walked the length of the plane and there were seats at the back. No entertainment tablets for $10 that did not work mushy sandwich and knees in my back. Thanks but no thanks - no more Air Canada for me. Rouge me once but not twice.
My flight was changed to Rouge. I didn't have enough leg room seats were horrible and when I put my tray down it was so tight it touched my stomach. I have been a supporter of Air Canada but I have had enough. Flying another airline now. Will never touch an air Canada flight again. If you want to feel what a sardine feels like in a can fly Air Canada Rouge.
Rouge is a great disappointment. Air Canada has labelled it as a "leisure" airline which is code for poor service cramped seating space and price gouging. The number of "Air Canada" flight routes are rapidly dwindling with the carrier moving routes to Rouge service. Last week I flew Toronto return to Tampa. The seating pitch is cramped. The passenger next to me continually had their head in my lap while trying to access their under seat storage. When the passenger in front fully reclined their seat I briefly thought about offering them money to return their seat back so that I could have a few more inches of space. The entertainment system is not well thought out. Passengers on both my flights were not using headphones to watch their devices. Volume levels were on high to compete with the jet noise and their hearing aids. With the in-flight entertainment system headphones are required to access the entertainment sound. None of the flight attendants addressed the lack of headphone use issue but instead preferred to ignore it. The entertainment selection on the Rouge app is not appealing. Very sad is that the cost to fly Rouge in May was more than 40% higher than to fly Air Canada less than a year ago with the same advance booking time. I will not fly Rouge again.
I recently used the last 2 credits of my Air Canada Sunpass (YUL-LAS) that I purchased in August 2013 fully expecting the full J experience I had paid for. Took the first return flight in September and it was the mainline perfect. Then my route got Rouged. Had 4 credits left and I got to be the guinea pig on one of the very first Rouge flights to LAS. Late broken plane. Inexperienced crew. IPADs didn't work. Then they did. Saw the selection and was wishing it didn't work again. Service was poor to passable seats were broken. Lumpy metal boxes blocking the under seat space for feet or bags. I just used my final 2 credits a few days ago and expected some kinks to be worked out nope same crummy IFE.
Worst flying experience in a very long time. Flew AC Rouge back from Vegas to Calgary. First irritant was paying Worst flying experience I have had. Las Vegas-Toronto. Unfriendly and no service nothing to eat no entertainment. Very hot on the plane.
Flew Toronto to Las Vegas with Air Canada Rouge. Didn't realize when booking that this was the new discount airline. Had to pay $25 each each way to check a bag. When we got to the airport flight was delayed by an hour due to issues with the plane. Kept announcing more and more delays. Flight crew showed up then left. When our plane was finally ready to go no one could get a hold of the crew had to wait another 10 minutes for them to show up. Carry-on compartments were small attendants spent forever trying to rearrange them to fit everyone's bags. Maybe if checked bags were free people wouldn't be trying to cram so much into their carry-ons? Seats were cramped no TV screens at all. You can download an app for your iPad to watch movies which they tell you about on the plane (app has to be downloaded before boarding). Or you can rent one of Air Canada's iPads for $10. Food was awful not worth the $30 it cost. Usually like Air Canada but will never fly with Air Canada Rouge again.
Worst flying experience in a very long time. Flew AC Rouge back from Vegas to Calgary. First irritant was paying to have my bag checked. Apparently because I was flying on airmiles I couldn't check in online. Got to the check in area at airport and the desk clerks were insistent I use self check in which didn't work properly for us so eventually they let me (and my party of 5) check in at the counter. If I wanted to change seats they were going to charge me $25 per seat (by the way these are all things that another airline provides free of charge). No entertainment system other than their "rent an ipad" system I tried to connect my tablet as they indicated with free wi-fi but because I had not pre loaded some app it did not work. Glad I did not rent an iPad for $10 because they only passed them out nearly an hour into the flight and collected them an hour prior to landing (which left less than an hour for viewing). Leg room is a bit of a joke and the speaker system above my head nearly blew my eardrums out which was more than just a small irritant. Oh yes nearly forgot to mention that for no explained reason they changed the time of my flight to more than one hour earlier. I will do everything in my power to avoid flying this airline in the future. I think it might be time to trade in my Aeroplan miles for some other rewards.
Earlier this year I bought a flight pass (an 8 flt SunPass to be used from YYC-LAS) all the flight were AC. My first return booking with my flight pass my trip there is AC with all the regular amenities - and leg room. My trip back however was on Rouge and all further flights on the pass look to be Rouge as well. I am tall 6'2" and I actually "upgraded" to Rouge Premier which is their version of Business Class. My knees still touched the seat in front of me and the seats were no wider. Still 3x3 in "Business Class" upfront so if you pay for an upgrade (I used points) be very careful as you can still get a middle seat. Still the same as the back no power no entertainment. but they do offer an iPad with the App pre-loaded which still makes me shake my head. No real place to put it with the exception that it came with a cover and you could sort of hang it from the seat back in front of you where in other airlines the entertainment was supposed to go. Two problems with this. 1) the earphone cable has to stretch over the tray and if you're using that for a drink or food the risk of knocking something off of that with the earphone cable rises sharply and of more concern 2) if the plane hits some unexpected turbulence all of a sudden you've got iPads flying everywhere - at least far more than you would on an AC flt. All this aside I still felt like I've paid for an 8 pass with an AC and got a 'bait and switch' to Rouge with no options. Some of us have to travel (it's not for vacation) and when we do and have paid for and expected a certain level of service (which I felt was fair and competitive with AC) and suddenly you are still paying the same price but the level of service comfort and even safety has dropped dramatically I can't feel but that I got bait and switched.
Purchased Business Class Toronto to Las Vegas horrible surprise. Very uncomfortable. We had to hold iPads to watch the entertainment. Staff advised to hang on headrest in front of us. iPad fell and spilled drinks several times. Paid for business class for extra comfort very surprised of smaller seat than usual Air Canada business class.
Flew from Jamaica on a Boeing 767 good headroom pleasant crew but horrible placing of the 'press for service button' on the armrest meant constant and irritable sounds of sometimes very loud multiple alarms going off. Even the crew were upset and they had to put up with it going and coming! If you can fly a different airplane I will definitely avoid the 767s.
After booking my flight to Disneyland in August 2013 we had a fabulous vacation. Tired and hungry we (the group of 9 of us) boarded our flight in LA to Vancouver with a dead cell phone fully anticipating being able to charge it on the plane. To my surprise the flight had no way of charging my phone nor did we have video to occupy our 3 hour long flight with our knees in the back of the seats of other unlucky passengers in front of us. My 9 year old son also had his knees touching the seat in front of him and a seat in the face as the other uncomfortable passenger tilted their seat back in hopes of finding some extra space. The flight crew were insistent on asking us how we were enjoying the flight numerous times. It got annoying. Fortunately we had bought snacks to prepare us for the dinner we would miss during the flight and thankful we did because we weren't even offered so much as a bag of peanuts. As we were flying internationally we needed to fill out declaration cards. Someone didn't stock them on the flight so we had to fight our way through the small table outside of customs to fill out our declaration cards. This could have occupied some of the boring time we spent on the flight looking at the obvious hole in the seats where the video consoles had been removed. The good news was it gave us a great place to put our hands on so we could attempt to nap on our forearms. Oh and to hold onto when we landed. Fortunately we had wifi for our ipad! This was a saving grace - we tried to connect no luck. This was when they came over the system to proudly tell us we could use the wifi for free and hopefully we had previously downloaded their app to view inflight movies. Much to our surprise the wifi would only work within their app. But no worries we could pay 10.00 to use a complimentary ipad that had said downloaded app on it. I had never heard of Rouge before but I do now. I suggest you do not fly them. If I wanted to fly in a cattle car I would have booked through a cheaper carrier. Shame on you Air Canada! Shame on you!
April 24 AC 7971. It is hard to imagine what management thinks about when they make decisions totally focused on the bottom line rather than customer service. So with service now inferior flight comfort at an all time low then why use AC? I was loyal but no longer. After a series of awful trips horrible service and basically no compensation then I will now be an airline shopper. I get they want to make money and I support that but Service and Comfort are what count. Rouge is just awful it is like a charter flight with higher prices. Plus with no entertainment unless you have an Apple device they don't tell you that so I wasted a few hours trying to download their entertainment onto my PC laptop. Worked out better as I spent the time reading. They launch this ridiculously confusing distinction program which I still have no idea what it is for! PS if you are going to Europe try Swiss or Lufthansa both offer great service and comfort.
I have not boarded my Rouge flight yet that will be this Thursday. I am not looking forward to it after reading the above comments. I looked at prices from the Bahamas to Toronto in March and wondered why after mid April prices increased. I finally booked the flight I'm leaving on. I could have left April 17th for 240 Canadian but it was too cold in Ontario to go back. Now we are paying 271.05 each to return on a less than comfortable flight. I will see how it is but just losing the entertainment part is annoying. Does AC think we all have I-pads and i- phones? I will be flying Westjet from now on. Air Canada not one dime of taxpayer money do you get for wrecking your own business.
Air Canada 1873 April 22nd. Lousiest airline I have ever been on. Extremely small spaces between rows. Flight attendants cannot even speak French properly they all seem like they just got out of high school very non- professional staff. Will never fly Air Canada again.
Brand new "Rouge" - I am a frequent flyer with Air Canada but was "forced" onto their new "Rouge" service on a recent pleasure trip to Cuba. Flew "Rouge" Montreal-Holguin on May 1 return on May 8. Connected each way to YVR on regular AC. Massively unhappy with Rouge. Pretty new exterior paint odd uniforms (what were you thinking?) but the bottom line is AC is forcing people to use Rouge and it is just a "bait and switch". Crew were pleasant and flights on time - but this trip was charter by another name! Seat pitch very poor seats thin and anything happening in seat pocket behind ands up communicated to your lower back. The "entertainment" system (bring your own tablet or rent one for $10.00 from them. I had pre-loaded their required software and it worked perfectly on way down but on way back - failed and failed (same for man next to me). Crew suggested I needed newer software (hey it was new and worked 7 days previously). Next time if they force (and they do) Rouge on me - I am switching to a different charter airline (for that is what Rouge is - it is a bait and switch) for lower service levels - lack of comfort (oh and no business class cabin not even premium economy). I am retired and felt beat-up on this trip. Not happy. Better of with a "real charter" - next time I will avoid anything "Rouge".
A new expression for airline travel! "We have been "rouged". My husband is a very frequent flyer (Elite status) and always tries to use Air Canada. We flew AC May 1 YVR-MON-Holguin (return on 8th). The Vancouver-MON were fine (usual economy with Air Canada). Rouge is horrible Seats are jammed in like Sunwing or similar seats too thin and you spent hours being nudged and bumped by any movement behind you food not good (as usual) but worst is the "entertainment" system. You bring your own and we did - our iPad all pre-loaded as they asked worked one way but not on return. Crew were polite but suggested our operating system needed updating (in a week). Never again. There is no price advantage there was no premium economy sets are very cheap and above all Air Canada is trapping it's loyal customers into this trick.
Booked two economy tickets on Air Canada in April 2013 to fly to Grenada from YYZ and paid over $1000 per ticket for a flight in March 2014. Paid extra for bulkhead seats. Air Canada switched flights to Rouge without even notifying us and gave away the seat selection we had paid extra for. Not only that but they changed from flying on Saturdays to Mondays. The seat pitch on Rouge flights is 29". This is one of the lowest in the airline industry. To add insult to injury they awarded us a fraction of the Aeroplan points because the flight was operated by Rouge and not Air Canada. Wish there was a star rating for 0.
Never again. After so many years of loyalty but now feel completely "rouged". There is no deal there are no option on routes - its Rouge or nothing. Business class is a joke! 9 hours waiting for a plane to arrive because they could not substitute with regular AC fleet. So why not inconvenience passengers who paid the same price as AC fares and then refuse to post comments on their website. Goodbye Rouge Hello Westjet!
What a ripoff! Had business class seats but ended up flying Rouge from Orlando to Toronto in their so-called "premium" seats. What a joke not even close to business and only marginally better than the horror story that was economy class. Crowded rushed and rude attendants. I learned a lesson here - to stay away from Rouge.
My sister and I decided to go to Barbados for Easter. Booked business class. We were very shocked when we got on the plane and saw what Rouge defines as business class. Paid the same price as a regular Air Canada business ticket but definitely did not feel that we were flying business. Staff were young and trying their best but could not pacify the unhappy passengers in "business class". I decided to make the best of it but its difficult to enjoy your flight when everyone around you is so angry. The iPad we were given was a joke! Movies were not even close to be current releases. Every time I paused the movie I was forced back to the beginning. Very frustrating. I think the worst part was the passengers from economy coming up to "business class" to use the lavatory. I had an aisle seat with people from the back of the plane forming a line beside me. If I wanted people to hover around me I would have booked economy. When I asked the attendant if they should be up here she said no but did nothing about it. The attendants had no control over the situation. We were in the last row of "business" on the way home and had the first row economy person constantly pushing on my seat. Again this is something you expect in economy class. It was a long flight which I usually don't mind when I am sitting in business. But this is not business! I am very hesitant to book Air Canada ever again as I am afraid that it will be another Rouge flight.
May 5 return from Phoenix. What's the value proposition for the customer. I still can't get an answer. We just spent 10 hours in the Phoenix spirit because of a Rouge malfunction with the plane coming from Toronto. Because it's Rouge and not Air Canada they had to wait for a Rouge plane coming from San Diego. We got this great service. Poor legroom and no inflight entertainment and at the same normal Air Canada fare. I'm a long time super elite. Westjet will be flying Toronto - Phoenix. Why wouldn't I fly that way in the future. I am so so disappointed.
26 Aug AC1924. 2 Sep AC1925. Flew to Costa Rica could not wait to get off that plane. Staff were too young inexperienced and rude. Forget service it was as if you were bothering them if you asked for anything. No in- flight entertainment unless you provided your own unfortunately if your computer iPad etc ran out of power there are no outlets for charging your equipment. Was planning a trip to Ireland with AC and once we found out it was with Rouge the 5 of us are now going to fly Westjet. On future trips will still fly AC but will not fly Rouge again nor will I book clients on Rouge flights. Sorry Rouge gave you a fair shot and you failed so badly I can not give you another chance unless you drastically lower your prices to match what you offer.
Flew from Phoenix to Toronto this week on Rouge. Boarding was delayed as the staff spent at least a half hour trying to get passengers to check their carry ons due to the fact that the Rouge planes have a much smaller overhead bin. That's not the only thing that is smaller and uncomfortable. The seats are tight (this says a lot coming from someone who is 5' 3") the entertainment choices are dated/if they work staff are young and inexperienced service was disorganized and slow. We will do anything we can not to take a Rouge flight ever again. I understand that they might want to offer a lower priced alternative to travellers but there are no deals on their flights compared to their previous Air Canada flights. We're stuck with this as the only option until Westjet begins their service YYZ to PHX - with luck this fall. Can't imagine who thought this would be a good idea - whoever it was should be made to sit in a middle seat for a 5 hour flight and rethink all that Rouge has to offer.
On May 1st my wife son and I were on the inaugural Rouge flight from Toronto to Dublin with regular flights from Edmonton to Toronto. We booked last summer and knew the flight would be on Rouge and the price seemed to be OK. Interestingly our daughter and her boyfriend later booked on regular Air Canada through London and paid over $100 each less than us. There goes the low cost airline unless low cost means low cost for the airline which translates into rip off for the customer. The plane we travelled on was a Boeing 767. The plane we originally boarded had a broken windshield wiper and therefore had to be abandoned in favor of a second plane. This delayed our departure by over two hours. We were seated in economy class. Looking at the six abreast "premium class" seats my wife and I were glad we hadn't paid for an upgrade. The economy class seats are very slim and rows are close together. This might be ok for short flights of up to three hours but nothing to look forward to for a transatlantic flight. Further the seats hardly recline at all. Lacking blankets and pillows good luck for some sleep and welcome to aches and pains arriving in Dublin. Entertainment is via WiFi through iPads or lap top computers with flash player. No option for Android devices. Anyway I could not get it to work on my computer. $5 saved. The cabin crew was young and inexperienced in silly uniforms. Food quality was airline minus minus. A free soft drink was provided but alcoholic beverages had to be paid for (free on my daughter's cheaper regular Air Canada flight). All together Air Canada Rouge is a rip off approaching Ryan Air quality. At least Ryanair is open about its cattle truck approach. After having failed with two attempts at budget airlines what is Air Canada thinking? I expect Rouge to die and unceremonious death - the sooner the better.
AC1760 Toronto to Holguin Cuba March 16 2014. Return flight AC1761 March 23. Booked an Air Canada Vacations package to Cuba. I would generally use ACV because service tended to be a bit better than other vacation companies. I guess those days are gone. The flight was terribly uncomfortable. Seat padding is thin inadequate leg room (I'm 6'3") no entertainment unless you own or rent an ipad and all this for the price of a regular flight. I'll be looking for other options from now on.
Only problem I had with the plane was the seats. The entertainment was poor but it didn't bother me. Flight staff were good. I would pay more to fly on a non rouge flight but they don't offer any to Florida. For our next flight I have paid the extra $40 for premium seats still in economy though so I hope the extra $ is worth it.
Round trip Toronto to San Jose Costa Rica in Feb. 2014. We paid an additional substantial fee for the upgrade which provided slightly more leg room and the middle seat blocked off with pillows providing more room to aisle and window seat passengers. Pillows! We sent Air Canada a complaint email regarding many problems we experienced in booking our tickets finding out at the last minute that we were bumped down to economy etc. and have not yet heard back from them. Next time we travel to Costa Rica it's with WestJet.
I traveled AC Rouge on flight 1851 March 17 and returned on flight 1852 March 20. We found that we were on a newer version of the 767-300 with the wing tips turned up. The first class cabin had been reduced in size so that it was hard to get our carry on past the passengers already sitting without bumping them. When we got to our seats in a row near the back of the plane it was impossible to get our two regulation AC carry on bags in the same overhead. Seating was very cramped and my knees were tight against the seat in front of me. I had a window seat and it was very cold sitting there. My husband is 72 years old and has some circulation issues and could not move at all even though there was no baggage under the seat in front of him. We will not be able to travel AC Rouge anymore and will look for another carrier! We found the cabin crew was young and seemed stressed and not well trained. This gave me a very uneasy feeling if there happened to be an emergency.
AC Rouge 1836 May 6 2014 Phoenix to Ottawa. This used to be an enjoyable flight until it was converted to Rouge. When we booked we did not know that this would be a Rouge flight for which we were charged for seat selection even though we selected within the 24 hour window of the flight. I am 6 feet and the seating/leg room was really cramped and not pleasant. Thankfully the person in front of me did not recline their seat. One of the washrooms was out of order which created long lines and difficult passage through the aisle and no doubt inconvenience and annoyance for those seated in last several rows. The crew made only one pass with the beverage cart. While I bring my own iPad for entertainment others were left wondering where the inflight TVs went. The crew were very young-and likely inexperienced-their dress was unprofessional and I have doubts that they would have performed to the same level in an emergency as a more experienced crew. Good luck getting everyone out of the plane in an emergency especially through the over the wing exits with less space to manoeuvre in. While we arrived safely I am left wondering why Air Canada worked so hard to make air travel less enjoyable. I will not be flying Rouge again regardless of price. I will seek out alternatives even if it means driving to Syracuse to fly an American airline.
I flew Rouge from Toronto to Tampa for the first time a couple of weeks ago and upgraded to business using my e- upgrade credits - what a joke! seats are crammed no entertainment and staff are very new to the industry. As a super elite member with Air Canada I was more than upset that I had used six e-upgrade credits for such a terrible "business class" - these planes are awful and its clear it's all about quantity and no regard for the comfort of the traveler.
Regularly commute between LA and YVR. Was shocked by the sudden change to Rouge - and that's the only AC option now. The tightest legroom of any plane I have been on - have to be under 5'5". All language is around "leisure" so it appears they have abandoned interest in serving the frequent or business traveler. Web site does not even have new routes on them. Premium service is a joke with economy seats that just leave the middle seat empty - but still charge you business class prices ($700+ one way). Paid the same price as I always have for less service and less room.
Have flown Air Canada Rouge three times - once to Vegas once to Cancun and once to Orlando. Both my Vegas and Cancun trips were booked on Air Canada and then moved to Rouge. In each case the flights were equally as expensive as Air Canada has historically been on those routes (I travel a ton for both work and pleasure. These are things I watch all the time). But the aircraft is terrible the lack of entertainment is a problem with kids (my little ones can't hold iPads on their laps!!) and the flight times were changed in the case of the Cancun flight from 10am to 6:30am. On one flight I upgraded to business class using 10 upgrade credits only to find that business class is the same seat as coach without someone in the middle seat!
Worst flight ever! Flew with 3 small children (2 6 & 8). Horrible service. Non-existant entertainment (most of the movies were circa 1993 or older). Air Canada saw fit to rearrange our pre-paid assigned seats. None of us were sitting together. My 2 year old was supposed to sit alone 2 rows behind me. And our girls were also alone. Asked for help at 1800 # and checkin desk and was told there was nothing they could do. Same story at the gate and was told I would have to ask passengers for help. Added in a random stopover that wasn't on the original booking. Made us get off the plane on that stopover and get back on the same plane (& same crew) 20 min later in new seats that we once again had to rearrange! Seats are horrendously uncomfortable. What a total disaster. I have flown many times with my kids - never had a problem before. We only flew AC this time as we were able to book our tickets on points.
Last January my wife and I had a flight to Cancun booked with Air Canada at least 6 months in advance. I contacted transportation in Mexico and was advised that the flight number that I had given them for pick up did not exist. I called Air Canada and after about 35 minutes my call was answered. I was just told that I had a new flight number ( no mention of change of services). You can imagine our surprise as we entered our seat and found out we were on a new product called rouge - it felt like we were on a real charter. After 3 hours in the air it was also obvious that this new product is a training center for new employees. We are now trying to book a flight to Cancun for next xmas and new year. Much to our surprise Rouge is our only option - the prices are substantially higher than all our years travelling to Cancun. Trying to get answers on anything such as schedule changes sales or just about anything is next to impossible.
BGI-YYZ AC1831. I'd be ok if I was paying discount prices for what I got but sadly Air Canada has found another way to take advantage of the lack of competition on these routes from Canada. As options are limited and BGI is home I guess I'm stuck. I'm just waiting for them to find a way to only award half the Aeroplan miles.
I have traveled six segments with AC this spring and been pushed into the Rouge. Each time it has been a disaster and the service has decreased each time. The crews are very young and seems there is not any leadership at all. The last flight I experienced the newer model 767-300 which is built different than the older 767-300 and the overhead storage will not accept two legal size carry on bags and this created extreme stress with passengers and crew! On one flight my wife asked for a glass of water to take medication and was told to wait until the refreshment cart came around which was 1/2 an hour later. Another flight I asked for two more beers when we were 1 hour out of Toronto and the young staff just laughed and never returned. I have flown AC since 1958 and watched them go into bankruptcy protection on several occasions and they are track for the next time. Once a company forgets who the customer is and who is paying for the service they are on their way down.
I booked an Air Canada seat to Los Angeles from Vancouver and was switched to Rouge without confirmation and no reduction in price (which was more expensive than flying to Toronto). The seats are painfully cramped and I only got a Diet Coke on descent as the crew was disorganized; there was no time to even pay for food because they didn't have time.
Was suppose to fly and paid for Business Class seat on Air Canada Toronto to Orlando in March. I fly Business Class to have a very large seat and a lot more leg room. It gives me a lot more room to work. This particular trip I flew AC using Aeroplan Airmiles. Get on the plane boarded to find out I am on an Air Canada Rouge Flight- in a class called Premium Class same size seat as an Economy Class seat. They block the middle seat with pillows belted in. The flight attendant assured me that even though the seat was a normal size seat that their service would be the same as Business Class. When I returned to Toronto I posted on Air Canada Rouge's Face Book page my disappointment. The replies for AC Rouge FB staff made all kinds of excuses. The end result after 10 messages back and forth they tell you send a letter to AC's Customer Relations. Customer after customer make the same negative comments. AC Rouge remove negative comment for the FB page and then block you from posting any more. Air Canada 'Rouge tells the customers to message Air Canada. Air Canada tell customers to contact Aeroplan. Aeroplan tells to it not their problem. Its on made vicious circle tying to get your problem solved. All I was asking for was the difference in Airmiles between AC Business Class Seat and a Regular Ecomony Class seat refunded to my Aeroplan Account.
I understand the business model for Air Canada's decision to launch a "low cost" leisure (vacation) airline to popular vacation destinations in USA South and Europe. Their 'regular' Air Canada flights are staffed by more experienced (and expensive) crews with higher salaries and benefits such as employee pension plans and expensive to operate and maintain in-flight entertainment systems. Air Canada was having trouble competing on many of these routes served by other vacation airlines such as Air Transat Sun Wing and some charters. In my opinion the airline had another reason - their fleet of Airbus A319 and Boeing 767 aircraft were growing old and tired and needed new duties while Air Canada began a program of planning for their eventual replacement at the main airline with the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner and other aircraft types. Hence Rouge was born. I have been a loal Air Canada customer for over 30 years -- even travelled with them to Mexico which was excellent - but this Rouge experiment leaves a bad taste in my mouth and aches in my legs and back. The refurbished Rouge cabins on these planes have more rows of seats which means less leg room. Cramped and uncomfortable on a long flight to your vacation is not my ideal way of arriving. While the flight crew at Rouge are very attentative and friendly I feel pity for them that they have to deal with passenger complaints that are mostly no fault of their own. I recently flew Air Transat to Jamaica in a nice comfortable wide-body A330 with lots of leg room and a big seat-back free entertainment system all with refurbished cabins with soothing colours and advanced lighting to limit effects of jet lag. Lots of overhead storage space too. Fourth time I flew with them and never been disappointed. Rouge needs to change soon or they will just go to the place in the sky where many other airlines have gone before them to die. Rouge was supposed to be a "new airline" according to Air Canada.
Along with 14 other passengers (18 in total) we booked our trip and paid for a flight on Air Canada. We were subsequently switched without our knowledge consent or a reduction in airfare in to the "Rouge" airline. We were "Rouged". Discount airline while paying regular price. Very deceitful. After learning of the switch I inquired to see if there would be any noticeable changes between the two carriers and was told "no just the flight number and departure times". That was incorrect. Rouge has pathetic inflight entertainment that you pay for and the food is inadequate for a family travelling with young children. The one item that may appeal to children (pizza) was not available.
Booked return flight from Toronto to San Diego recently for a conference and was looking forward to comfortable business class seating. Their version of business class is that they only fill the aisle and window seats leaving the centre seat open - really? How does that make up for horrendously uncomfortable narrow seats and no legroom? Entertainment was a joke - movies on I-pads were very old (Gigi) and certainly not very thought provoking. I gave up and read for the duration of the trip. FA's uniforms are terrible. Come on Air Canada what are you trying to do here. The passenger beside me paid $2600 for his flight from Montreal and this is considered low fare?
AC switched my flights Toronto-Tampa return to Rouge without disclosure. Cramped seats no entertainment included. I will avoid Rouge whenever I can in future worst I have flown in years.
I recently flew from Tampa to Toronto on Rouge. I was booked and paid for a regular AC flight but was changed to Rouge without any notice. We were packed on the plane like sardines no entertainment poor service. Our friends were with us. He is quite tall and he had to spread his legs around the seat in front of him because there was no leg room. Add to this the fact you pay for seat selection baggage lousy food cheap wine. And don't dear be one pound over your 50 pound limit per suitcase - or you will be on the floor at the counter area exposing your underwear to several others rearranding your baggage.
It was not less expensive than regular Air Canada. We flew regular Air Canada Toronto to Palm Beach International and flew home from Orlando to Toronto on Rouge. The Rouge leg was more expensive but we had no choice to fly it as they only do Rouge to/from Orlando now it seems. Worst part we brought Ipads for our children and ourselves but only 2/4 of us could log on to the in-flight "entertainment" because we were told by flight attendant there is a limit to how many people can log on during the flight. And the "entertainment" is all very old shows. Will never fly them again and will only fly Air Canada if I have no other choices.
Tampa to Toronto. Just got "rouged" last night. One of the worst flying experiences. No leg room. (I am 5'6" which shouldn't be too squished.) The seats were so uncomfortable. I had the person behind me's knees in my lower back the whole time. No tv. Can rent an ipad for $10.
Rouge is a thinly disguised process of jamming more people into the same space. I am a Super Elite 100k Aeroplan member. I had my first Rouge flight Phoenix to Toronto and the seats are uncomfortable leg room is awful there was one beverage service. I initially booked on AC with my usual aisle. I was moved to window with no notification.
Booked Air Canada regular flight and got switched to Rouge. Seats cramped service very poor no in flight entertainment no snacks (you even have to pay for pretzels). Will not fly Rouge again. Can't trust Air Canada not to Rouge me again so will fly another carrier.
I booked a flight from Toronto to Puerto Vallarta last June 2013 on an Air Canada flight for March/April 2014. I pre booked aisle and middle seats. I was switched to Rouge with no choice. I am 5'10' my legs were pressed against the seat back. Our seats were changed to window and middle. There was no entertainment. You could watch movies if you had the Air Canada app but we did not know that in advance. They also changed the return flight to March 31 so we missed one day's vacation no big deal if the service had been there. They also charged me $150 for a bike one way. I sent two emails to air canada but no reply.
Pricing does not reflect the service level that reflects a no-frills airline. Seats are uncomfortable cabin crew are inattentive and the inflight entertainment is problematic to say the least. I have a Windows tablet and you cannot download the app to stream movies. Add to that the fact that Air Canada no longer gives me a choice to destinations that I travel to on business because they view them as "vacation" destinations. This means that I need to find a new airline.
YUL-MCO on the Rouge A319. Seats cramped beyond anything I've experienced before. I'd sooner fly a US carrier with stopovers than fly a Rouge configuration again due to the limited seat pitch (I'm 6ft tall). On the other hand I didn't mind the BYOD in-flight Wi-Fi entertainment system but the seats need power / usb ports for this to be really useful. I found the entire flight crew to be genuinely friendly and welcoming.
I was recently bumped from Air Canada flights flying Toronto to San Diego and return and put on Rouge. It was like being on a plane manned by high school kids whose attitude flippant manner and vocabulary did not instill any level of security or professionalism to which I have been accustomed from Air Canada.
I bought direct return flights a year ahead of time (YUL-CUN). I paid full fare. Without warning Air Canada re- routed me through YYZ and downgraded me to Air Canada Rouge. On the return flight I was also downgraded to Air Canada Rouge without any compensation whatsoever. On top of it the state-of-the-art wireless entertainment system didn't work and on the return flight we found out that the "state-of-the-art" wireless entertainment system doesn't even support the latest Windows 8.1 operating system. You should also know that the seats are extremely uncomfortable narrow and with little leg-room. The service was basic including incomprehensible French announcement (flight out of Toronto). On the return flight (direct to YUL) the flight attendants in economy didn't speak French but one. This simple fact increases risk in case of an emergency. Clearly Air Canada is reducing service and security (low cost) while maintaining full fare. It is a lost-lost for all travellers. Avoid Air Canada Rouge!
I also thought I was booking an Air Canada flight on-line and ended up on Air Canada Rouge. I did Toronto-San Jose-Toronto. Within 3 minutes of hitting the seat I told my partner we will never fly Air Canada Rouge again and unless there is a way to know whether our flight is an Air Canada flight or an Air Canada Rouge flight at the time of booking we are not booking with Air Canada again for fear of ending up on Air Canada Rouge. The aircraft is clean the crew were good the food was good but the seats are terribly uncomfortable and absolutely crammed in. We are iPad folks but the available entertainment is limited and dated. Never again.
All flights to/from YYZ. All flights direct. Avoid Rouge whenever possible. Have flown on 6 Rouge flights. Similar experience to other travellers: very cramped seating normal pricing poor/inexperienced service misleading advertising regarding Premium Rouge service. Save yourself the frustration and book elsewhere.
On March 2/14 a friend and I were booked on an Air Canada Flight. I had no idea that it was Rouge until I completed the on-line check in. Our flight was to take off at 6.30 am from Toronto Canada. We all boarded the plane and approximately 5 min before take off we were asked to leave the plane as there was no pilot scheduled for our flight. We had to wait for 2 hrs for them to find another pilot and for him to arrive.
April 21 2014. Flight AC1890. I recently booked a flight to Tampa Florida. When booking the flight nothing told me I was booking on Air Canada Rouge. If I had know I would not have booked this flight. I have never been on a plane where I have felt so crowded. I am only 5'4" tall and my knees hit the seat in front of me. The seats are so close I could not bend over far enough to put anything under the seat. This is certainly discount flying at it's worst I will make sure the next time I fly I don't get on Air Canada Rouge or I will fly another carrier. Also expecting to have entertainment on the flight either music or TV they have nothing. You can bring an IPAD that you have download an APP on or rent one for $10 during your flight nothing when booking the flight said anything about this.
I recently travelled to Mexico wasn't aware we were flying Air Rouge not that that was a big deal but you're almost sitting on top one another. No leg room but the worst was no TV to watch a movie - you could rent one but no thanks paid enough for the flight. It was a 5.5 hour flight so you think you would at least be able to watch a movie for free - not impressed!
AC1837 on May 5. Has anyone actually had a good Rouge experience. Mine certainly wasn't. I paid the full AC fare for a Rouge flight from YYZ to PHX (the only direct flight option) and sat on the plane at the gate for 3 hours while they tried to decide how to resolve their "technical issues". 3 hrs spent in a cramped seat working on a too-close tray table without a power source for my laptop. The end result was de-planning and then fending for ourselves to make alternative travel arrangements. Rouge did not cancel the flight - it took off 9 hrs after its originally scheduled departure. Basically Rouge is like a discount charter vacation service at full service prices with few planes available so if something goes wrong with yours prepare to camp out there's no back- up. What were they thinking?
AC421 Mar 2 Samana to Montreal. Very disappointed in my flight travelling back from Samana. I was in premium seating and my friend I was travelling with upgraded. However they were unable to confirm our seats together. We ended up sitting by two different passengers who did not what to trade seats. The flight attendant kept speaking only French to me. I do understand French but my language of choice is English. This happened several times. I won't discuss luggage problems as this will not be published.
AC1830 on May 4 2014. I am a regular customer of Air Canada on the Barbados-Toronto route. Like many of the other business travel regulars we were generally satisfied with the service on the route. The flight attendants knew what they were doing the pitch on the seats in economy and business was fine (even on the 319) and the in-flight entertainment system was a plus on the flight that can be over 5 hours. This new Rouge service is a huge step down in quality with no reduction in fares. The economy seats are too narrow and close together for anyone over 5 ft tall. The iPad based entertainment has a degraded selection of material. And any upgrade to their premium service is a joke. Yes two more inches in pitch but the seats are the same narrow width in economy. Even the overhead storage is reduced in the front of the plane. The flight attendants are obviously new and not yet up to speed. An absolute waste of money to pay for the upgrade and a waste of Upgrade points. The only safe bet is to get in the preferred seating row. Most of us are now looking to the alternative Westjet. I would not advise anyone to book the Rouge service if they have a choice.
Venice to Toronto on August 23 2013. Air Canada stuck us on this flight on the return trip from Venice to Toronto. My husband is 6 ft 5 and my 3 sons are 6 ft 2 so needless to say they were all miserable. No entertainment Rude service. Really old plane. There was so little padding in the seats that any time you used the seat pocket you poked the person in front of you. Will never travel with Air Canada again.
AC1830 Toronto to Bridgetown 24 April 2014. AC1831 Bridgetown to Toronto 4 May 2014. Like many others posting I booked flights for myself and my husband months in advance of our April 2014 trip to Barbados. When I booked I paid for an Air Canada flight - not an Air Canada Rouge flight. As I understand it Air Canada Rouge didn't even fly into Barbados at the time I booked. We were subsequently bumped to Air Canada Rouge with no consultation and no refund. I had upgrade credits to get us to Premium Rouge so the trip down wasn't too bad (except for the lack of entertainment) but the trip back in economy was terrible. My husband was forced to sit sideways (to the extent possible) in order to avoid jamming his knees into the seat ahead. Clearly AC didn't get anyone over 6 feet to test the comfort of these seats before they decided to alter the planes. So we got a "discount" service with no discount!
Flew Rouge YYZ-CUN in Feb 14. Knew when we booked it was Rouge and had concerns but Husband is AC Elite and we "always" fly AC so we gave it a shot. Big mistake huge mistake. I am only 5'3" and 125 lbs and even I found the seats awful. I had to stuff my jacket between my lower back and seat for support had back ache for 3 days afterwards. Paid for a vodka and sprite got the mini vodka and a little splash of sprite in a cup. For 6 bucks you would think you would get the whole can. Return flight sat on tarmac for 3 hrs getting a wheel fixed. Same as other posters first told 30 mins then 1 hr then 3 hrs. Seems mechanical problems a common issues. Hubby will still fly regular AC for business heaven help them if they bump him to a Rouge flight. We will fly some other airline for pleasure.
Departed Toronto on Feb 12 flight Ac1812 returned AC1813 on Feb 28. Flew return Toronto to Cancun. In Toronto flight was overbooked by 10 people very crammed seats no leg or wiggle room. Wife has problem with back and suffered the whole flight to Cancun. Flight back to Toronto the person in front of wife leaned seat back due to closeness of her knees to the back of seat she was crushed. The remedy was to move the person that forced the seat into here and his 10 year old child to first class where they where given food and drinks while the wife had to suffer. Very poor service poor seats no wiggle room and no leg room.
Outbound flight on May 1st AC 1820 return flight on May 5th AC 1821. I was recently Rouged on a flight to Cancun Mexico. I used 20 upgrade credits and when I selected my seats it clearly showed a standard executive class configuration of 2 wide seats per side. Imagine my surprise when I found the configuration to actually be the new slimline seats with a 3 seat configuration and a pillow placed on the centre seat. I feel that this is a blatant attempt to mislead and had I known that this would be the case would not have used the credits.
YUL-LAS return booked on Air Canada months ago converted to Rouge and refused to discount or refund flight to book elsewhere. Experience confirmed fears: heinous obvious decrease in legroom stripped of all entertainment including power outlets to stay plugged into streaming system IF it's working and IF you have an Apple device. Young and eager crew does not know what they're doing and their poor pay promises to keep turnover high and little improvement. AC management loves that they're still able to charge full Air Canada prices for discounted Rouge but that won't last. Certainly not for me. Actively booked away from AC - even mainline - on next 3 upcoming business/leisure flights.
I just flew from Vancouver to LAX on a Rouge flight. I booked with Air Canada because of my aeroplan points collection and my general good experience with the airline. I'm 6'5" so legroom on even a 3 hour flight is important to my level of comfort. All airlines are relatively tight but this Rouge flight was a new level of discomfort. I could barely squeeze my knees into the available area with one knee spilling into my neighbour's area. Even sitting bolt upright I wasn't able to get my knees into the available area. Thank goodness I was seated next to a tiny woman. To give you an idea of the lateral space she fell asleep and her head fell right onto my shoulder. When the person ahead of me put their seat back the seatback was right in my face to the point that I was barely able to read. It was ridiculous and I'll never fly Rouge again or AC for that matter as I might be bumped to Rouge without notice. On the upside the flight staff were very nice but that only goes so far when I'm crammed into a seat like a sardine.
My Wife and I flew from Barbados to Toronto on AC Rouge and I saw red. We had booked on Air Canada regular service and were switched to Rouge without our consent. The seats are very uncomfortable limited leg room and crammed. No audio no USB or electrical plug. I don't have and IPhone or IPad to download the AC Rouge Apps to see movie or listen to tunes. Flying 6 hours sitting on those seats killed my back and I was bored. For extra cash I will be flying WestJet. AC Rouge would be fine for short flights EG: Ottawa Toronto.
Flew from YYZ to SJO longest 5.5 hrs ever. I have flown to SJO 7 times and that was the worst flight. The crew were very nice but that didn't make up for the cramped leg room and very uncomfortable seats. Luckily we all had iPads and could use the onboard entertainment system. The return flight was even worse we sat at the gate for an hour after boarding with no information then were told we had to leave the gate for a new flight coming in and we would be departing in 4-5 minutes which turned into 45 minutes. We waited 2 long hours for the wind to change direction so we could take off. Apparently the plane Rouge sends to San Jose Costa Rica is not big enough or powerful enough to take off full if the wind is blowing towards the mountains if they had tried we would have crashed into the mountains. This was told to me after the fact by someone extremely familiar with the planes used by Rouge. We have never experienced such a delay in all the years we have traveled to SJO back to Air Transat for us. So a 5 hr flight is now a 7 hr flight in uncomfortable cramped seats my six year old was very tired and upset after all that. This was our first experience with Rouge and our last.
My husband and I recently took an Air Canada vacations flight to Costa Rica. We had never flown on Air Canada Rouge and had no idea how small and tight the seats were. Luckily because my husband has knee issues we paid extra for one of the extra leg room seats. But the entire return trip I had the person's knees sitting behind me pressing in the small of my back. Why would they do that to people who have to be on a plane for 5+ hours? It was my understanding that Air Canada offers free meals on flights over 2 hours - but nothing was offered. Given the length of the flight I expected more comfort and service.
I flew from Barbados to Toronto on AC Rouge and I saw red. I didn't notice when I booked the flight that this was AC Rouge. The seats are very uncomfortable limited leg room and crammed. No audio no USB or electrical plug. I don't have and IPhone or IPad to download the AC Rouge Apps to see movie or listen to tunes therefore I read Enroute. This was the worst flight ever! Flying 6 hours sitting on those seats killed my back and I was bored. For extra cash I will be flying West Jet. AC Rouge would be fine for short flights EG: Ottawa – Toronto. AC lost my business!
Flew YYC to LAS a couple days after these flights were Rouged. Flight attendants were horrible either the PA system was poor or their speaking ability or both. The announcements in French would make my elementary French teacher cringe but it wasn't like the English was that much better either it felt unrehearsed and like they were reading off post it notes and need to pause every few words to find their place. The lack of IFE was archaic for a new airline and was the clincher for me to not fly this airline again.
Recently flew "Rouge" and got "rouged". No leg room for anyone over 6 ft tall very narrow seats very limited overhead compartments for small hand luggage. In fact before boarding people were asked to volunteer to have their hand luggage checked. I bought a full service regular seat and got downgraded without being consulted. Will avoid or find alternatives to anything "rouge" related.
I was traveling from Ottawa to Las Vegas via Calgary and was told at check in my connecting flight from Calgary to LV was on AC Rouge. When I complained I was told that there is nothing that could be done other than refund my ticket and cancel the trip“if I was not happy”. As I had meetings planed this was not an option and one which I personally think they use to most BC travellers who are not happy. When I got to Calgary I spoke to the AC representative at customer service and she advised me to write to AC and complain. She told me that this is a budget carrier so don't set your expectations high. As a traveler who clocked up more than 150k miles last year with AC they have certainly made me consider my carrier of choice. The seats were awful the food the same bland offering as usual cabin dated but the staff were attentive and seemed to go out of their way to serve maybe I drew a good hand on this flight. I will reiterate what the agent at customer service stated to me “this is a budget carrier”so don't set your standards too high.
I originally booked a regular Air Canada return flight between Vancouver (YVR) and Los Angeles (LAX). While the flight to LAX was all that I expect from Air Canada (including meal-for-purchase and in-seat movies) unbeknownst to me the return portion of the trip was changed to an Air Canada Rouge flight - meaning no meal-for-purchase no in-seat movies not even any orderly boarding of the aircraft plus the flight was an hour late to boot). I did not pay for an AC Rouge flight and certainly wasn't prepared for absolutely zero amenities on the flight. I have been a loyal Air Canada customer for decades but will never book or fly on Air Canada Rouge again. Clearly though booking what I thought was a regular AC flight didn't mean anything as the flight was changed with no notice to me or any other options. Shame on Air Canada for doing this to customers!
YVR-LAX. Probably the most uncomfortable and worst seats on any airline. I am average build and height and I could barely fit in my seat. On-flight entertainment was not functioning. No real price savings. Thankfully there are other carriers that service LAX from YVR.
Super Elite traveller purchased a business class ticket from Montreal to Cancun back in October 2013 (for an April 2014 trip). In March 2014 this flight became a rouge route - and this is not what I purchased originally. Rouge seats service IFE are not the same. You could not entertain a conversation with the staff in French. Wifi did not work at all so no IFE.
Air Canada has really missed the mark with Rouge. I understand this is supposed to be a leisure low cost alternative for Canadian going to southern destinations or Europe however I have found the fare is generally the same as full service Air Canada with all the benefits stripped away. The Entertainment system rarely works and the movie selection is very old/out dated. The legroom in rows 20 and back is very limited and if the person in front of you reclines you can barely open your tray. The food and beverage service is exactly the same Air Canada free drinks food for purchase.
April 28 YYZ-NAS. I booked Rouge Premium. We boarded fairly quickly and efficiently were offered juice and water while still at the gate newspapers as well pushed-back and took off on time. FAs were friendly perky and a bit informal and their service throughout the flight was courteous and efficient. Food and drinks were exactly the same as Air Canada mainline Business. The big downside of Rouge are the seats I'm 6ft 3 and weigh 220lbs. I had just enough legroom so my knees did not bang into the seat in front of me and I was able to cross my legs no problem. There is definitely less legroom between the Rouge Business seats and the Air Canada Business seats. The seats are pitiful on the recline only 3 inches and is pretty useless. The seats on Rouge are called "New Slimline Seats" and they definitely are slimline especially on the cushion aspect as well as much narrower since they have jammed 3 seats across into the same space that used to have 2 across. There is absolutely no lumbar support so lower backpain is the reward after a couple of hours. 2 other aspects about the seats the actual length front to back of the seat is less than normal so no support for the upper thighs which can be problematic for some. No inflight TV screen on the seatbacks just the foldaway meal table a-la 1970s aircraft seats along with a couple of pockets. My Rouge flight was only half-full so as I said service and food were up to Air Canada mainline standards in Business class but the Rouge business class seats comfort and space are a definite step down. I paid the same airfare for less legroom less comfortable smaller seat and less space as I paid 4 months ago for a standard business class seat and space on the same route with regular Air Canada. I will only fly Rouge on flights of less than 3 hours and only if I can get a seat in the Rouge "business" class and only if their are no other airline choices.
Las Vegas to Calgary April 29th. If our experience on a Rouge flight is any indication this Air Canada endeavour is a huge bust. We fly Air Canada a lot and this was without question the most uncomfortable flight we have had. We arrived at the airport to discover our full fare booking (made 3 months prior) had been changed to a low cost” Rouge flight. The 319 plane was cramped with uncomfortable seats absolutely no leg room and no ventilation. Average height people found their knees jammed into the seat ahead of them and it was impossible to bend over to place or retrieve items from under the seat. Heaven help you if the person in front of you reclined their seat even the small degree they move. No entertainment (unless you wanted to rent a tablet) and no power to the seats if you wanted to use your own just topped the cake. Air Canada has gone too far trying to cram as many people as possible into a plane. We could not wait to get off this flight and will never fly Rouge again.
Tampa to Toronto on Apr 27th. Terrible describes it in one word. Seats are terrible and morale with travellers is contagious I am super elite now for a number of years and feel married to Air Canada. I travel YYT to TPA at least 10 times a year and I really don't like WestJet. However WestJet is superior to this. Business class is a joke and prices are Air Canada regular not discounted like the service. I am sorry but they have lost my vote.
Flight was from LAS to YYZ in April 2014. This was probably my worst experience with Air Canada. Cramped and uncomfortable seats little to no ventilation an aircraft that was probably 20 years past its prime and flight attendants that seemed like they just wandered in off the street and were given uniforms. I feel very fortunate that we didn't have to find out how the flight attendants would have responded to an emergency situation. As with others the flight was changed after booking but at the same fare. Just a terrible overall experience and I couldn't wait for it to be over. I have flown with Air Canada as much as possible for over 25 years - this was truly the worst and I will simply refuse to fly with Rouge again.
Rouge flight from Tampa to Toronto on 27 April 2014. I am a frequent flyer Elite 50K and most to and from that destination. First experience with Rouge! Best word to describe my experience "horrible". Without a doubt the most uncomfortable flight in a full-sized aircraft ever. 6' 11/2" (there are taller) my tailbone pressed against back of seat and knees wedged against seat ahead. Could not move for almost 3 hrs. And I mean I could not move. As I recall even WestJet has more space. Will be seeking out other means to get to FL. The bottom line is important but this tactic will in the end loose them their most frequent customers. Do they care?
We booked with Air Canada in August 2013 for a return trip Toronto - Tampa. The return flight was changed to Rouge the day before we left. The seats are horribly close. 5 inches from knee to seat in front. Lack of food service. Took hours for the one attendant to get a drink of even water to us. I will never fly Air Canada again.
I have flown Rouge twice in the last two months on business. The airplanes were old and under-staffed. It took over 2 hours to get a refreshment. The App-based entertainment was pathetic - perhaps it works for those with smart devices (which 75% of people do not have) but try sitting with a laptop on your food tray in a seat that is far too close to the seat in front of you and you will not be impressed.
AC1851 Toronto to Las Vegas April 17th. Wifi kept on cutting out and finally never worked. The service was very slow no one passing in the alleys. The flight attendant call button on all seats was non functional until I complained about it and then it was turned on 2.5 hrs into the flight. Bathrooms are dated and not very clean ran out of paper towels halfway through the flight and never replaced. Price is similar to Air Canada flights yet Air Canada Rouge is like a third world airline. I had to ask 3 times for decaf coffee over a period of 2 hours. Very poor customer service. It is unacceptable that on a long flight both the entertainment system and service are terrible.
They pack you in like cattle. Flight attendants allowed passengers in back rows to place their overhead luggage in the front overhead bins - where are these passengers in the front rows suppose to put their luggage? No entertainment - they rent you an ipad or whatever for $10 - money money money. And not even a cookie or titbit to go with the 'free' beverage. We will never fly Air Canada rouge again and perhaps not even Air Canada if it can be helped.
On a recent flight from San Diego to Toronto I was not informed that I would be on Air Canada Rouge - which I consider a "discount" carrier after my experience. My flight was booked months ago on Air Canada so I was surprised of not only the change to Rouge but a time change also. Good thing I checked in advance as the flight left earlier. The first eyebrow raising experience was when the pre-flight announcement indicated that our flying time was more than the gate-to-gate time. I only had about 2" from my knees to the seat back in front of me which made it impossible to access anything stowed under the seat in front of me. I was cold and I could see others were reaching for their jackets too to cover their laps and legs. I was surprised also at the lack of in-flight entertainment. I also felt the flight attendant's uniforms didn't look smart or professional. I would not choose to fly again on Air Canada Rouge & I am relating my experience to whomever will listen. I feel Air Canada has made a mistake in introducing these so-called cost-saving measures. I feel many customers will be lost to competitors.
Flew from NAS-YYZ on flight 1833 and I can honestly say that this was the most uncomfortable flight and most disappointing in-flight experience that I have seen. Sat down in my seat and could had to sit at an angle for the whole flight because my knees would not fit in the seat pitch (and I am only 5'10!). There is no screen and no power source on these flights but they provided entertainment through iPads. Fortunately I had the most up-to- date Air Canada app so I could access the entertainment free of charge. Seat were beyond uncomfortable and the head flight attendant was rude beyond belief. I found it funny that she had to read the "scripted" relaxed announcements. I am an Altitude 50K Aeroplan member and have literally flown thousands of flights and I have never been so disappointed with the in-flight experience I had with Air Canada rouge. To anybody who wants anything near a comfortable flight: do NOT book a AC rouge flight. Book Westjet or a US-based airline.
I flew from Montreal to Las Vegas in premium. Service was terrible and entertainment was even worse. If flight attendants make an announcement your Ipad freezes if the announcement is longer than 1 min you must restart the movie or show from the beginning. Very sad that Air Canada would attach their name to such poor service when people are so use to have great service on Air Canada.
Terrible experience seats are very small and crammed in. Pretty much same as Sunwing layout but seats are more uncomfortable. No TV screens you have to bring your own iPad apparently to access movies (and sit it on your lap or table tray - did not try this out but hear it did not work well). On way back to Toronto from Orlando (flight 1863 Sunday April 20th) there was a 10 hour flight delay due to mechanical problems. So instead of arriving home at 1pm we got home at midnight. I can understand weather delays or other emergency delays but this was ridiculous. The part they were missing was originally "a small thing that should be fixed in 30 mins" then that turned into another hour then another 2 hours then another 7 hours. I'm sure they knew at the start it would be a 10 hr delay - and had we been told we could have left airport and spent day at Universal Studios with our friends instead of hanging around airport. My hunch is that given the planes are older the delays are not unusual. One good thing: The staff were friendly. Overall the flights are way too expensive given the service provided and uncomfortable seats.
Rouge Flight from SJD-YYZ in Rouge plus no J offered. Terrible inflight service. The crew did one service up the aisle selling meals and then disappeared for the rest of the 5 hour flight. They closed the curtains to the front galley for the whole flight which made it awkward to use the front washroom. They were visibly annoyed when they had to respond to passengers call button. Entertainment system did not work for half the flight. I will fly another airline which has real first class seating instead of Rouge anywhere. I am an SE / MM and this leaves me with less ties to the mainline carrier.
Flew "Rouge" from Barbados April 18th absolutely worst flight we have had. We usually fly Air Canada but we will never fly Rouge again-you are cramped in like sardines no entertainment system - unless you bring your own laptop/tablet - word to Air Canada - this is not acceptable.
We have returned from a holiday in Barbados. We flew comfortably to Barbados as usual on Air Canada. To our surprise we were flown home on Rouge. It is a very uncomfortable plane for this long flight. Cramped seats which are very uncomfortable. There is a ten dollar fee for the IPad entertainment system. The plane and service was chintzy at best. Service staff tried to be cool. We are dedicated Air Canada travellers and this was not up to the standard we have come to expect.
Flew Ottawa-Toronto-Cancun-Toronto-Ottawa. All flights were late. On the way from Toronto to Cancun the boarding was late and we waited almost an hour on the tax way on the way back the flight was more than 2 hours late we lost the connection for Ottawa. They put us on standby for a flight 4 hours later without knowing if we could continue the same day. Finally it took us 19 hours to come back from Cancun to Ottawa and on top of it they sent one of our pieces of luggage to Newfoundland. We paid for seat reservations and did not get our seats. There was garbage from previous passengers on the floor. There was no wifi onboard and neither TV screens for such a long distance flight. Staff onboard were correct. Staff on the ground were very unpleasant and unhelpful. It will be our last trip with Air Canada.
I took an Air Canada Rouge recently from San Diego to Toronto on an A319 and it was the most uncomfortable flight I have taken in years. The seats themselves are not comfortable. I am 6'3" and I physically could not place my knees in front of me and spent the flight trying to avoid being kneecapped by the attendant's carts. The woman in the seat behind my wife had her knees embedded into the back of my wife's seat and she was a lot shorter than 6'. There is no entertainment system other than the wifi - not even audio. I had a Blackberry Playbook with me and my wife had a Google Nexus but neither one could log into the "Air Canada App". No wonder Blackberry is in trouble when the national carrier couldn't be bothered to make their app compatible. I will do what I have to to avoid future flights on Rouge. I booked on Air Canada and was not aware that they placed me on a Rouge flight.
AC Rouge to Las Vegas. Horrible experience: no leg room no entertainment system except if using own entertainment device (mobile tablet or laptop). However the seats are lacking any power outlet and have no USB ports preventing charging. There is no way to make a laptop last the whole flight. Moreover mobile and laptop requires to have previously installed the Air Canada Rouge app which of course was not installed on my own devices.
AC Rouge 0818 to Puerto Vallarta Mexico and back with 0819 both flights simply horrible. No leg room bare bones no frills nothing. Very unsympathetic staff. Overall a very uncomfortable flight. I booked one year ago and it was an AC flight and was downgraded to Rouge. As a senior with artificial limbs I was extremely restricted soft seats no pillows or any options unless one paid an additional prohibitive sum of close to $1000 for a "Premier Rouge" seat. Although I am an Aerogold member I will no longer by loyal to Air Canada.
First and last time flying Air Canada Rouge. YYZ to MCO with 3 kids and no movies. Did not want to fork over another $30 for something that is available with other carriers.
Just flew YYZ to SJO - my first flight with rouge. Seats are horrible no leg room very uncomfortable flight. Inexperienced staff did not help. Didn't have an ipad to watch the entertainment but they announced that they were having problems with it and were working on it. This was almost a 5 hour flight - seats are way too uncomfortable. Possible fuel leak delayed us out - sat on the plane for nearly an hour before we left. Wouldn't you think they would check for a fuel leak before loading us all on?
My family and I flew to Orlando from Toronto (AC 1862) on April 13. These flights are no cheaper than the regular Air Canada flights to Orlando (we usually go there twice a year) and to put up with the no leg room (I am a small female (5'4 and 120 pds) no service and a terrible entertainment system I would need these flights to cost $100 a ticket to put up with such a horrible flight. My husband (who is a super elite member) said that he will never take an Air Canada Rouge flight again.
Horrible. Paid for business class from Toronto to Las Vegas on April 13 2014 - no leg room / awful food / no wi-fi.
Flew 1851/1852 three times from Toronto to Vegas in March/April 2014. I thought Rouge was supposed to be a discount carrier but all 3 flights were over 1000 bucks. The seating is absolutely horrible - the worst I have seen in years and I have been a super elite traveler for the past 3 years. Wifi entertainment is extremely buggy on my iPad. Half the shows stop playing part way through and you can't even select individual songs from an album when listening to music - It always defaults to the first song in that album. The worst part about this whole experience is that not one time over the last 3 trips was the plane on schedule. The 2nd trip coming back to Toronto on the redeye flight was eventually cancelled at 3am keeping everyone waiting around the airport when it was known that the plane's broken windshield would not have been fixed that night. The next day was a nightmare the noon flight was delayed by 4hrs and they just couldn't manage the people waiting around very well. Put them on the next United flight out! But of course that means taking responsibility and taking care of the passengers something that Rouge and Air Canada seem incapable of doing lately. I have to say that the staff were friendly. I have been a loyal and frequent traveler with Air Canada for the past 9 years and I have to say that this is it for me. WestJet is in order of magnitudes better than Air Canada for their domestic coverage including US and I'm just hoping that they will bury this Rouge airline quick.
I travelled YYZ-SAN on April 1. The restrictive seat pitch on Air Canada Rouge A-319 is intolerable for a flight exceeding 5.5 hours. The operation of the flight was problematic. No reason or apology was offered for our 25-minute late arrival in San Diego. If it was due to adverse weather en route this must have been known to the flight crew prior to our departure from YYZ and appropriate measures taken. The flight was fully boarded and doors closed 10 minutes before scheduled departure time (6.05pm). Nonetheless the aircraft was held at the gate until 6.05pm and then started a lengthy taxi to the runway where it was delayed again to await two general aviation arrivals. For sheer professionalism I will travel by United next time.
I flew 1851 YYZ-LAS and 1852 LAS-YYZ recently and will never do it again! Old run down planes inexperienced flight attendants garbage in-flight entertainment system cramped seats and absolutely no legroom and I am of average height and weight. I fly this route fairly regularly and won't be flying Rouge again. It will be WestJet from now on or connections with United. Air Canada - putting Rouge on this route (as well as many others) was a very poor decision on your part and one that I hope you will re-visit. Until you do you've lost me as a customer.
Flew to Las Vegas over past weekend. Whole experience was beyond bad. Worst seating I have ever experienced. iPad did not work on inbound or outbound flights. Both flights gate attendants said at least 25 people had to check carry on bags did Air Canada not think or care that by cramming all those extra seats in the plane this might be an issue part of this issue of course is that that a checked for my wife and I adds another 100 dollars to the flight. I will never fly with them again will pay more for better airline.
March 29 - April 2 2014 Toronto to Las Vegas it was one of the worst experience that I have had flying the leg room is terrible no entertainment and no adjustable air flow it gets very warm inside the plane also the staff were not very friendly I am glad that I didn't upgrade to business class because that was not much better. I fly to Las Vegas and Los Angeles on business several times a year and would hope that Air Canada would at least give me a choice to fly Rouge or Air Canada. I will be looking to fly with another carrier this is taking Air Canada back 30 years. I have been a super elite member for several years and try to fly Air Canada as often as possible. I hope this venture for Air Canada will eventually fail.
I flew business class on Air Canada Rouge on 2nd April back from Las Vegas and this was my first time flying with Rouge. I am baffled that Air Canada has their name associated with Rouge. Not impressed at all. No TVs and the ipads that were provided worked for about 15 minutes until they had technical difficulties. The seats are not as comfortable as a regular Air Canada flight.
Flight 1873 Montreal-Orlando. March 28th departure April 4th return. Not worthy of Air Canada! Huge disappointment! Seats were extremely tight and I'm 5"3. My partner is 6"2 and were miserable. Air Canada Rouge is extremely cheap! No entertainment food claustrophobic! Choose other airline!
Montreal to Vegas on direct flight on A319. Simply put the legroom is beyond bad I am of average height when the person in front of me put back their seat it was hitting against my knees. To have to endure this for a 5.5 hour flight is a terrible experience. Flying back from Vegas on a 767 through Toronto and switched to an A320 which was not a rouge plane almost felt I was in 1st class. As far as the 767 plane no climate control constant draught. Overall a terrible experience. Out of curiosity found it was cheaper by about $200 to use another airline. Never will I fly on Rouge again unless they resolve the seating issue.
AC1852 3 April AC1851 6 April. Just got off the second leg of Vegas - Toronto and back. The seats were small with no legroom there was no closet and nowhere in business class for a business sized carry on. Very frustrating.
Flew AC rouge to CUN from Toronto in the J cabin. The service was acceptable the food was the same as mainline however the comfort in the redesigned A319 left a lot to be desired. Seats were very uncomfortable seat pitch in business class was significantly less than on mainline. The IFE was beyond terrible.
AC 1880 and 1881 return from Toronto to Sarasota this past winter. We had the bad luck of being on a Rouge flight. I have one word to describe the experience. Awful. This old refurbished equipment which seems to have a lot of mechanical problems. The seats are extremely uncomfortable. There is minimal leg room even if you pay extra for the seats with supposed extra space. AC advertises this Rouge flight as a more economical flight. The only thing economical about it is the interior. We paid exactly the same as we have paid in all the other years we have gone to Sarasota. Business Class is a total joke. On our trip back to Toronto we only found out that the flight was delayed when we got to the airport. Flight Tracker gave no indication of this delay neither did the AC website. It would have been nice to have been notified of this delay by phone email or text thus saving us having to spend an excruciating amount of time at the Sarasota airport. Having tracked the arrival and departure times of these flights over the past several weeks of this winter it seems that the norm has been at least a 1 hour delay. The weather was not always a factor. AC has to improve this. We have choices as to how we get to Sarasota. It is for certain that we will not ever fly on a Rouge flight again.
Booked a flight from LAS-YYZ on Air Canada's website and was forced to take AC"s new low cost carrier Rouge. The plane was an extremely old 767 and besides the refurbished carpet and seats everything inside was old and run- down. The overhead compartment are probably from the 1990s as I forgot the last time I saw limited luggage space like that. The seats were cramped and uncomfortable with no entertainment whatsoever (there is the option to rent an iPad for a fee). The flight was a red-eye of around 5hrs but half the time the cabin lights were on as the crew came around trying to sell food. This was very disruptive to rest and added to the general discomfort of the flight experience. The crew were young and "hip" looking and I must say they were friendly. However they seemed inexperienced and newly hired. There was a passenger who lay on her seat and stretched her legs into the aisle throughout the flight. This was during take off and landing and none of the crew said anything about having the arm rest down or the fact that her legs were obstructing the aisle. I am sure this violates various national and international safety regulations and the crew did not seem to mind. Probably one of the worst flying experiences I have had and I would definitely not recommend flying with Rouge.
Toronto to Las Vegas Flight 1851 March 27. Air Canada Rouge is simply horrible. The seats are so tight with no legroom. No inflight entertainment and FA's are not friendly at all. I didn't feel welcome or appreciated. The plane was dirty as it was not properly cleaned from the previous flight.
Air Canada Rogue is one of the worst if not the worst airline I have flown. I fly at least once a month. I booked my flights with Air Canada but the flights were changed to Rogue without notification. The seats are too small and very uncomfortable. My husband is 6'2" and he was uncomfortable the whole flight. My elderly mother was almost in tears due to the lack of leg room. There is no entertainment systems. The last flight had only some breakfast items on an evening flight. All passengers were complaining about the lack of leg room. It is torture if the person ahead puts their seat back. I have always been a loyal Air Canada customer but I will be booking WestJet were possible. The flights were so bad I would rather have to change planes than endure another Rogue direct flight.
March 7 and 23 YYZ to SJO return AC1806/1806. I will never use Air Canada Rouge again. The 29-inch seat pitch is the lowest in North America with the exception of Spirit Airlines. This was the most uncomfortable flight I have taken. The barely edible food cost extra and most selections were sold out by the time the attendants reached my row. The in-flight entertainment system (which can only be played over one's own tablet or device) consistently malfunctioned. The plane was generally dirty and contained significant garbage left on earlier flights. A horrible experience.
As a 4 times a year traveller to the Caribbean it is clear that ACR want to take every single penny of us the all inclusive prices are the same of AC. A flight is a flight the flight attendants are rude and impolite. I bought a sandwich that perhaps was a left over from another flight because the expired date was for the same day.
When I booked ticket (3 in total) to travel the end of June 2014 from Canada to Barcelona Spain I booked with Air Canada and wanted AC to be my carrier. However I know find out we will be travelling with Air Canada Rouge the company's low cost carrier. I also have found out there will be NO entertainment unless you go out and buy an Ipad and the seats are going to be smaller and tighter together. There are other cuts and this is totally unfair to me as an Air Canada customer. I did not get any rebate for flying with this low cost carrier - absolutely nothing. It is just tough luck for us. I like travelling with Air Canada with their experienced crews and the special benefits that go along with the overseas flights. I am not happy about this - I feel like we have been Rouged by Air Canada.
We flew from Toronto to Cancun the last week of January and dreaded the return the next week. We booked Air Canada because the flight times were good we collect Aeroplan and fly AC from Toronto to Calgary at least once a year. We did not know anything about Rouge and not until almost the time for our flight did we know AC had another section for hot spots. We were not concerned because we have always been happy with our service. We did not know there was no in-flight entertainment until we were on the plane. We do not use Apple products but have an Android tablet no good to us on the flight. The seats are squishy and uncomfortable. The only saving grace coming home was I had booked late flights so we just slept no other choice. When we got to our destination I went on the web to learn about Rouge. It is not easy to find anything. Next time we will go to the States and choose an American carrier. Never again Rouge.
Flew Rouge "business class" from Toronto to Las Vegas and return a week ago. I had booked business class originally from Ottawa to Vancouver to Las Vegas but Air Canada cancelled that as the connection was too tight and instead routed me through Toronto. They promised me that business class would be exactly the same on Rouge but it is not! The seats are smaller there was no TV screen in backs of seats - they gave me a tablet to watch but the content was poor. Service was not good at all. And on top of all this the price was the same! Very disappointing.
I flew with Air Canada Rouge in January on business from Toronto to Sarasota and was seated in the standard cabin. Although the flight itself was pleasant enough the seats were very close together and cramped. If given the choice I would not choose to fly with them again.
We flew from San Jose Costa Rica to Toronto Canada on Air Canada Rouge. A lot of unusual activity at boarding with seat mix-ups people on the plane with boarding passes with no assigned seats and lots of passport checks. The flight was totally sold and left 1/2 hour late. Five hours into the flight and a half hour before landing we are told that 50 bags could not be loaded onto the plane because of jet fuel concerns due to high winds at San Jose late departure full capacity. We deplane clear immigration and hope that our bags have made it on the plane. We learn that there are no bags on the plane at all! No one at the airport claim desk or customs seems to think that this is anything unusual. They promise that we will have our bags in 24 hours but given all of the misinformation we have received at this point I am not holding my breath. No wonder they have dubbed this airline Air Canada Rogue. No leg room smaller seats no entertainment no hot beverages due to potential turbulence total incompetence from check-in to airport exit.
21-24 March 10.20 departure arrived in Jamaica 1.20. Depart from Jamaica 2.40 arrives in Canada at 7.30. AC1805. The last time I flew Air Canada was 2007 so I decided to give them another chance. The plane was dirty no snacks on a 4 hour flight. The staff going down to my destination were neat and put together however the person doing the announcements needed some training. Entertainment both ways was horrible I could not even access it on my iPad. Comparing Rouge with WestJet and Air Transat they are so behind in time and entertainment. I am going away in June and there is a possibility that Air Canada Rouge will not be my first choice.
Flew Air Canada Rouge to/from Costa Rica. Had never heard of Rouge and was not told that this would be the carrier even when I called to book seats and meals. There are no meals unless you buy the overpriced cold items available - very limited choice as would be expected on a flight. Had we known we would have brought our own food as we did on the return flight. Entertainment available by Air Canada app that must be downloaded before flight. A few tablets are available for rent - and they go fast. Seats are not comfortable - spent a week with back pain after 5 hours in one. There is also barely enough room to get into your seat. I'm not a large person but it was a challenged getting in and out of seat. Have flown Air Canada before and was happy with it. Not happy with Rouge and as you don't know if they will be the carrier when you book through Air Canada this will prevent me from ever booking a vacation or flight with them again. Cabin staff were friendly but not really helpful - there didn't seem to be anything they could do to help.
Flew Air Canada rouge Toronto to Grenada return March 3 and 10 2014. Will never fly it again. A disgrace for a any airline let alone what they term a discount airline. Will travel to US or make connections on other airlines before I fly them again. After a week of sun and relaxing to have to endure seats with no leg room and no entertainment or even a 25 cent bag of peanuts who needs this. Get Real Air Canada rouge. You say all is well but people will only fly once and say goodbye forget your return flyers.
LAS to YYZ March 2014. I am a loyal Air Canada flyer and mostly travel Executive Class. I am extremely disappointed with Rouge and how Air Canada is forcing its clients to use Rouge and has stopped regular Air Canada flights to my usual destinations. The planes are all very old and rickety and the attendants very inexperienced although all friendly. It would be different if the fares dropped in half but they are exactly the same which is ridiculous. I am looking for alternatives as I will not be forced to receive second class service for the same high prices the entertainment system is poor and they show movies on an old tube screen but do not provide the ancient headphone adapters so what's the point.
Just came back from a trip to Orlando from Toronto. Purchased my tickets on Air Canada only to find out a few weeks before that I got "Rouged". I am an Air Canada Altitude Elite 50K member and fly on mainline AC quite frequently. When I bought my ticket in April 2013 I expected to fly on the airline I originally booked with but that was not the case. They switched my flight without warning. Getting on the plane the first thing you notice is how they squeezed all the seats together to give you no leg room. Unless you are a young child your knees will be plastered against the seat back in front of you. Good luck with the inflight non-entertainment system - you will need to remember to charge your device completely because there are no outlets. Also the movies were all second rate. Best of luck trying to get any work done the cramped room does not allow a regular sized laptop to be placed on the tray table without being squeezed between your abdomen and the seat in front.
They kept us on an airplane for 2 hours initially hardly any circulation trying to fix a problem with the navigation system. Then they left us on the plane for 2 hours while they tried to fix it giving us false hope every 30 minutes or so. They offered some of us a tiny bag of almonds but we had to share with the person beside us because they didn't have enough for everyone. Finally they got us off the plane 2 hours later. Gave us $10 to buy lunch. Flight was supposed to leave at 10.30am at 1.30pm or so we get an announcement saying flight will be leaving at 3pm. Then another delay to 4pm. Meanwhile the weather outside is getting worse and worse. So now we board at 4pm. They had us sit on the airplane for another 3 hours before we actually took off. 200+ people missed a whole day of vacation time. Updates were very infrequent. To top it all off the flight crew were miserable. They were finally walking by to offer us some food but a) they ran out of everything and b) they walked right by our row without asking. When I waved my hand the attendant got annoyed with me. It was the last time I fly with Air Canada. The free food was a sandwich. The drinks - they gave you pop juice or water and you couldn't have an actual can. Inflight entertainment - forget it. They didn't play a movie on the way to Montego Bay. You had to have the app downloaded on your phone. If you didn't have the app you got nothing.
Feb 27 2014. When we original booked this flight from Toronto to Orlando return it was with Air Canada. When Air Canada up and decided to change the flights to Rouge there was no compensation for cost given as a refund or credit as Rouge is supposedly a cheaper flight. This fact was confirmed by speaking with other passengers on the flight who booked the flight through Air Canada Rouge. Not only did they not compensate us for the change they automatically changed our seating - splitting my husband and myself approximately 8 rows apart. I would also confirm that I had to prepay for seat selection. When I went to check in online the flight was sold out and I could not get my seat that I had paid for back. The new seats are horrible. I am only 5 feet and I couldn't get comfortable with the decreased leg room. I don't know how they expect people to sit in these seats for a 5 plus hour flight. They have taken out the TVs in the seats. They boast themselves as having a huge selection of movies etc. with their new app that has to be downloaded. Their huge selection is worse and older than Netflix. It really is a joke. If you want anything that is enjoyable make sure you download your own movies/shows before flying. Next time look at WestJet before booking Air Canada.
I am relatively tall and have just experienced the most uncomfortable flight in my (substantial) list of flights (over 50 years). In the interest of (literally) squeezing the last buck out of their aircraft's potential they have shortened (even further) the distance between seats making it impossible for me to withdraw my legs to sitting properly behind the seat ahead! Totally ridiculous whoever came up with this "brilliant" move must have been a height challenged individual.
On March 2 2014 we flew back from Puerto Vallarta on Air Canada Rouge (flight A/C 1819). Was it a good experience? No. It was an awful experience. Rouge makes us see red. The seats in the plane were so crammed up that we felt that we were in a can of sardines One of us is 1 m 90 tall Consequently his knees were stuck in the seat in front of him with no way of stretching his legs. Many passengers with mobility issues had a hard time getting out of their seat (e.g: to go to the washroom). Rouge is a poor service and shame on Air Canada for offering it. It shows disrespect to the clientele. We’d rather pay more money to get a better service and have more space. We expect a better service.
LAS-YUL on March 14. First impression is that legroom is very tight as compared to regular AC flight on a similar airplane so much that my legs hurt at the end of the 5hr trip (and I'm no big guy). Catering goes as always from front to rear and food is for purchase. If your seat is at the back of the plane good luck getting proper food you'll have to make do with chips and chocolate bars. I did not use the wi-fi flight entertainment system but others tried and were not able to get the feature working properly. Staff friendly but issues are not related to them. It just feels as if Air Canada has decided to cheap out as much as they can while still charging a premium.
I took AC Rouge for a flight back from Las Vegas. Flight attendants were very young and inexperienced. Very poor service onboard one beverage service for a 5 hours flight (FA's having fun in the back of the plane for the rest of the time). No announcement from the captain. Very few iPads available. I'm a frequent traveller with AC I will avoid Rouge.
After reviewing the webpage for Rouge I charged up my laptop and tablets to make use of the entertainment system on board that streams content to your device. For the flight to the destination the onboard system malfunctioned flight attendants were unable to make it work for any passengers. For the flight back home it was working however after trying to stream the content for 30 minutes on each of my devices I asked the flight attendants why it was not working and they replied that the service is for Apple customers only. Air Canada Rouge should specify that only Apple products will work with their systems. Seat pitch was uncomfortable in the A319. On the way to my destination attendants came only once with food and beverage service for a 4.5 hour flight. Also I was under the impression that Air Canada had to hire bilingual staff members where the only French that the flight attendants were able to speak was when they were reading the safety demonstration card and the landing card. They were not even able to provide accurate translations of the Captains announcements. Not impressed.
AC 126 Edmonton to Toronto Mar 1. AC 1874 Toronto to Orlando Mar 1. AC 1875 Orlando to Toronto Mar 14. AC 175 Toronto to Edmonton Mar 14 2014. Air Canada Rouge is definitely not up to Air Canada standards! I fly AC on a weekly basis and took a trip down south with my family on AC rouge. It is not the AC that I am used to that is for sure. Bad seats no leg room and multiple delays on both legs 9 the trip. I am loyal AC customer but won't fly rouge again.
Toronto to Montego Bay return. Cabin outdated and in need of serious attention. Inflight "entertainment" is wildly outdated. Good point: I travelled in business class and food was pretty good. Service a bit slow but at least we got fed. Overall average and definitely not worth the cost.
Second experience with Air Canada Rouge. AC 1871 MCO to YUL Feb 28 seat 3A on an Airbus A319. There was no premium class on this flight so all seats are available in the first 3 rows and no other perk than an extra 6 inches of leg room. Cannot use E-Upgrades certificate to get these seats only available for a fee of $30 unless you are lucky and these are the only seat available when you board. Plane was full. Take-off was aborted in the middle of the runway for a faulty alarm apparently we had to go back to gate. After several passengers asked for it one FA passed the water. FA had plastic smiles (not as genuine as my first flight) and seemed very tired. We landed about 90 min late from schedule. I find slim line seats to be uncomfortable after 30 minutes so this delay was not welcome. In addition I wanted to do some work on my computer but as the person in front of me decided to recline his seat I had no room to open the laptop and work on it. Level of service and comfort comparable to Allegiant who offers the flight to BTV for $111. Not at all comparable to AC Main Line service and comfort but price is the same. IMO comparable to lower class airline service like Ryan Air Allegiance Jet Blue at a premium.
YYZ-VRA Feb 6 AC Rouge 1752. VRA-YYZ Feb 13 AC Rouge 1753. This is Air Canada's new flag carrier. Stay away unless you like the smallest leg room in the air. If the seat ahead of you is reclined even slightly no room on the tray for even a coke can! Staff are annoyingly friendly with silly banter and phoney smiles. Absolutely no in- flight entertainment unless you bring a device and pre-install proprietary software. On the upside 100lb baggage allowance is highest around.
First AC Rouge flight YYZ-SJO December 2013. Flight was on time and no problems with the service. Wifi based entertainment system didn't work. Generally this is a big step down from regular service and why can't I now book business to SJO or BCN?
Terrible. I flew from Sudbury to Toronto to get this flight and the little Dash 8 from Sudbury had more legroom. The lady in front reclined so I watched her hair for 3 hours. Could not see my smartphone even if I had been stupid enough to pay for inflight entertainment on a 4 inch screen.
AC1870 on Feb 17 seat 1A. I bought a flight pass for regular flights from Montreal to Orlando. Usually excellent service on Air Canada. They switched to Rouge last Monday. It is like buying a first class train ticket and being switched to a school bus. "Premium" class seats are economy poorly padded no working space. Entertainment system is an I - Pad (free in Premium - $10 in economy ) which works erratically at best. Staff doing their best with the tools they are given wearing a uniform that seems to have bought on sale at Giant Tiger.
AC 1881 Feb 12 2014 Sarasota to Toronto. Delayed 4.5 to 5 hours as of now. No considerations to passengers. JetBlue also delayed but they brought in pizza and drinks for their passengers. Many considerations to those that smoke to leave the secure area but no food. All the kiosks have been closed at this airport by 6 pm!
Just returned from Huatulco Mexico. Booked our trip back in August with Air Canada. At the time had a choice of 3 airlines and even though Air Canada cost more money booked with them anyway as in the past were very happy with service flight and experience. Found out 2 weeks prior to our trip that we'd be flying Air Canada Rouge instead. Not at all a similar experience. Flight attendants were inexperienced and one was very rude. Airplane was freezing when we boarded in Toronto. Overall a horrible experience both ways. Won't book Air Canada again as there is no guarantee we'd be flying with them instead of Air Canada Rouge.
YYZ to MCO and return in January. This was my first experience with Rouge (I had booked the flight before it was Rouged) and it was a major disappointment after flying regularly with AC for the last 30 years. The seats were not comfortable and the pitch is inadequate. The inflight entertainment is a joke nobody in their right mind should rent an ipad or pay for the entertainment offered through their wifi service. The FAs did the minimum required. Coming back to the non-entertainment system as there are no power points you are unable to charge any mobile devices not sure if any batteries can last 7 or 8 hours for the Rouge flights to Europe! AC needs to re-think the customer experience for Rouge.
YHZ-YYZ AC619. YYZ-MCO AC1868. Air Canada Rouge: A discount airline which happily accepts full business class fares for tiny seats and no significant added value. I will never fly this airline again in business class. Cancelled my return fight and chose to fly another airline. Simple solution don't sell business class seats. Shame on Air Canada and Air Canada Rouge.
December 27 YYZ-MCO. January 4 MCO-YYZ. January 26 MCO-YYZ. Do not fly Rouge seats are crammed staff are not knowledgeable planes are always delayed. After you book a seat and pay for preferred seating they will send out an aircraft change notice without notifying you and you will be moved to a different seat and separated from who you are flying with.
Toronto to Las Vegas. Poor overall. Cramped seats - feel sorry for those on the aisle that have to contend with a steel box on the floor. No screens on the seat backs - so no movies unless you have an ipad - and mine didn't work with it. No big loss since the movies are all antiques anyway! No power for your computer. All this at a time where it appears that Air Transat is putting in screens.
Departure Toronto to LV Jan 19 on AC 1851. Return LV to Toronto Jan 24 on AC 1852. Over the past 10 years Air Canada has turned me into a loyal customer. They achieved this through quality aircraft crews who are customer focused and many little things such as comfortable seats the best inflight entertainment and an overall enjoyable travel experience. However I believe their attempt to compete head to head with low cost carriers and take market share from them will backfire. My Rouge flight to Las Vegas was cramped uncomfortable had no seat back entertainment system and the in-flight crew was undoubtedly frustrated by all the complaints and remarks that they were to the point of being rude. Through a 4.5 hour flight I didn't receive a visit from a flight attendant and wasn't even offered a glass of water. The worst part of the experience was the fact that I wasn't even aware this was a Rouge flight until I received an e-mail about their in-flight entertainment system. Up until the Rouge idea Air Canada had done a remarkable job of building a first class airline. I will never fly Rouge again and will even think twice about flying Air Canada in the future.
YYZ-LAS-YYZ. Never again! Five hours squished in an inhumanely tiny space with our knees pressed to the seat opposite us. The flight was no better than a cattle bus. The crew dressed up in ghastly uniforms and silly hats with seemingly no idea of what they were doing let alone what they were telling the passengers during the announcements. No food unless you buy the poor quality food they sell on board and no in seat entertainment system. My wife insisted we spend the extra money and return by Westjet which we would of done had they not been sold out. We will never fly Air Canada Rouge again.
Air Canada is mediocre as it always has been but Air Canada Rouge is an absolute travesty. Usually when service and comfort drop the prices would too. Zero leg room for anyone taller than about 5'8" and completely unhelpful customer service agents made my recent flight from Toronto to Orlando a nightmare. Fly pretty much any other airline if you have the opportunity.
CUN-YYZ: In July I booked a December trip on Air Canada and several months later we received an email saying the flight had been switched to Rouge but no refund so we paid for an Air Canada flight but got a much less comfortable Rouge flight for the same price. The seats on Rouge are very cramped: my husband's knees were hitting the seat in front and my son who is 6'4" had to sit with his legs spread knees pointing outward. No screens in the back of the seats and if you don't have the device and app that connects to their system you can rent one to watch movies at a cost of $10! As far as staff go they seem to be trying to make Rouge more like Westjet's casual and friendly style but failed dismally on our flight. Announcements had a false perkiness to them... it sounded like they were trying to be conversational but were obviously reading (badly) from a script. The staff member doing the French announcements had an appallingly bad accent. Staff were pleasant enough but announcements very annoying.
My husband and I recently took AC Rouge to Cancun upgrading to premier seating. There was no business class available unless we flew through Montreal. I have been a loyal AC customer for many years - typically reaching Super Elite or Elite Status. All I can say is the flight was very disappointing. The flight attendants were inexperienced - spending far too much time in the galley giggling with one another. The premier seats were minimally better than a regular economy seat. The onboard meal options were horrible - and did not have any hot meals available although listed as a menu option. We are taking one more chance - we booked business class rouge to Cancun in February. I am hoping for the best and expecting the worst. If no better we will need to look at other airlines. And get rid of the "hats" - they look ridiculous.
YYZ-LAS. In a word-terrible and to be avoided. I feel taken advantage of that I paid the equivalent of a business class fare for a tawdry uncomfortable and disappointing experience. The plane was an ancient 767-300 and the seat I was given in the called overcrowded Premium Rouge premium cabin was badly upholstered narrow and uncomfortably lumpy. I was unable to access any media content with my iPad because of some glitch in the wireless transmission and which was the only way one could access the IFE as on the flight there are no personal TV's. The crew were young and pleasant but embarrassingly unsophisticated and inexperienced as proven even when making scripted announcements and mangling them. Most of the time they were unsure how to make themselves heard on the cabin speaker system and their reading skills were not evident. One thing that was consistent with Air Canada's business class product is the insipidly awful catering. The breakfast was the same tired taste challenged over-salted omelette and chicken sausage Air Canada has been serving seemingly for the last decade. Sadly Rouge is now the only Air Canada carrier on the Las Vegas route unless one flies United who offer an inferior business class product but often for a lot less money than Air Canada charges even for Premium Rouge.
We fly Orlando to Toronto twice a year every year and until this last trip it was on Air Canada. AC is a decent airline and a relatively comfortable experience. This was our first experience with Rouge and what a huge disappointment! The seats are extremely cramped both legroom and between seats. It was a full flight. No TVs on the backs of seats but you can connect your mobile device to their limited Wi-Fi "if" you download the AC app. at home. My laptop didn't fit on the cramped tray table (especially with the seat in front reclined) and the music was echoing so I gave up. My android phone couldn't connect. Positives: Plane was clean and the crew had fancy bowler hats. Business class is a joke with the same seats as cattle class except with a doily and a bit more space. I would pay extra to avoid Rouge.
Toronto to Punta Cana and back to Toronto. Rouge is the worst airline I have experienced. Absolutely no room and I have short legs. No entertainment system you must have an apple product in order to get movies this is so bizarre. The flight attendants were amateurs all they did was sit in the back of the plane and talk loudly during the whole trip. I will avoid any flights that use Rouge. Honestly the worst flight experience I have ever had.
We flew Air Canada Rouge Airbus to Samana. It is amazing how many seats can be crammed into an old old airplane. While not tall my knees touched the back of the seat in front of me. No video you must use your laptop or tablet and you have to pay for the service. No A/C power on the plane. When I asked the staff about this their response was my computer battery should last the 4.5 hours flight. The seats in my opinion were designed to provide the least amount of padding and comfort to allow for the absolute maximum number of seats in an aircraft. I will avoid Rouge flights in future at all costs for any flight over 15 minutes. Not up to Air Canada standard.
