Our flight from MAN to JFK was cancelled due to engine issues which resulted in us having to rebook and we ended up flying via LHR. Our rebooked flight was with British Airways which was much better as they offered individual inflight entertainment systems unlike American who are still on an old system of overhead TVs. Our flight back from JFK was delayed and when we eventually got on board the aeroplane was quite possibly the oldest plane I have been on with a cabin crew to match. After 10 minutes the pilot informed us that a member of American Airlines staff had attempted to open the cabin door when it had already been locked which resulted in the life raft falling off the plane! We had to all disembark and after an hours wait we were told our flight was cancelled and we would need to rebook. We were put on flight the next day via Dublin which resulted us being over 24 hours late home. Appalling service and we will never travel with them again.
We flew from Boston, MA to St. Thomas U.S.V.I. on July 14th 2015. Flight #1619 from Boston to Miami was our first leg of the trip and that went smoothly. Then we got onto flight #2421 from Miami to St. Thomas. It was delayed a half hour. We landed in St. Thomas still being able to make our ferry to Tortola. However, it took 1 hour and 45 minutes for all of our luggage to be deplaned. During this time three other planes landed, all of their luggage was sorted out and the passengers from those planes left the terminal. We found one of our pieces of luggage was still in Miami. Our flight came in at 3.30pm, originally supposed to land at 2.57pm. It is well know that ferries stop running from Charlotte Amalie at 4.30pm. American should have done everything in its power to get people on their way. At least one third of the passengers were in the same situation as us. Four others lost baggage. My son spent the next morning trying to reconnect with his luggage and were told we would have to make a trip to the ferry terminal to pick it up. Now on to our flight home, July 25th 2015, we arrive at the airport three hours before our flight. The six of us were flying from St. Thomas to Philadelphia, PA on flight 837 leaving at 3.05pm. We arrived at the airport at 11.45am. We went to the kiosk and got our plane tickets and then joined the extremely long line (1.5 hours), at the ticket counter, just to get our luggage tags.
Be well warned that if you cross the Atlantic with American Airlines, they are likely to put you on a small 3x3 plane with absolutely no entertainment system. I was charged $85 for a few pounds luggage overweight where practically any other airline crossing the Atlantic would have let me pass through with it.
My flight was scheduled to leave at 7.45 to Newark after it was delayed twice, we finally boarded close to 9pm. The staff did not give a reason as to why the flight was delayed and then told me that all other flights to Newark were booked up. 
Because of a delay caused by weather we missed a connecting flight. However thats' not the issue. We arrived at Chicago late and missed a connection to Greenbay. We were put on a standby flight to be told that it was unlikely that we would get on. This was a Sunday evening. When we pressed for information about the next flight, we were told that this might be 8.30pm on Tuesday, as if this were not a problem. Pardon, not a problem! A family of three in the middle of Chicago, stranded for 3 days. There was no help at all. No useful information as to where we might go, what we could do, what transport we might be able to get. We were stranded and they did not give any assistance at all. It was a crisis for us. 
This review is about their ridiculous process to get credited for miles on their and their partners flights. Last week, it took me all of ten minutes to ask United to credit me for flights I flew on SAS Airlines, and all of two days to credit my account. I flew Iberia Airlines in November - filled out my request for miles from American in December - didn't hear anything by March. So I asked again, and now I have been asked for receipt, name, boarding passes, and advantage number - three of which I have provided, and the receipt is really moot at this point. Honestly, I believe this whole issue is because I have an apostrophe in my last name. Every time I tried to add my AA number to the reservation before I left, I was told, "The last names don't match". This is ridiculous.
I cannot think of one good reason to fly American Airlines in the future. I cannot think of one reason to keep any credit card that only allows redemption on American as well. Customer service is becoming almost fight as they are not willing to negotiate or explain or accommodate customers anymore. I paid 178.00 cash to buy three thousand aadvantage miles for a $200 ticket, due to all the fees, they even rewarded me 5,000 miles for my purchase. Every single customer service rep I spoke with told me I should read all their fine print online to add up the fees prior to booking. I could not cancel even within the first 5 minutes. They are aggressive and used tactics trying to make me feel I was inadequate in my booking purchase. Yikes. No reason to fly with them again, their prices are not competitive and their rewards program is not user friendly nor offers half as many perks as other airlines. 
I gave AA a one star rating because I had to choose something. Otherwise, I would have given it a negative. This was my worst flying experience and my children's first flying experience. We were supposed to fly out Sunday morning at 7.45 am and due to a mechanical issue the flight was delayed (at first) and ended up getting cancelled. The next flight out was full, so we had to take the next available flight at 4.45. Spent all day at the airport waiting to start our Orlando vacation. I was thinking this would be the worst part of our trip - but it wasn't. On the way home - our flight was delayed yet again. We flew out 2 hours after our original flight was scheduled, which caused us to miss our connecting flight in Chicago. There were no later flights, so we had to stay overnight. When I asked them about a room, along with many other passengers, we were given a discounted rate at a hotel 15 miles from the airport. The discounted rate was $75 and they didn't offer to pay for a cab (the shuttle wasn't running this late). Rather than taking the room, we slept at the airport. Definitely not what you wish for your children's first flying experience.
The aircraft was old and dirty. The cabin crew did not engage with passengers, (they only seemed interested in chatting to each other about their layover in London). The aircraft was freezing cold but they refused to notice that the passengers were wrapped up in hoodies and blankets even though passengers complained. Tickets are expensive and additional charges are applied for a second suitcase, if you want to choose a seat and $9 for an alcoholic spirit! The food was nothing short of disgusting. Many passenger bought their own packed lunches. The IFE was like something out of the 70's. Overhead monitors with no choice of movie. Tiny in-ear headsets were begrudgingly handed out to passengers unfortunate enough not to have brought their own. American Airlines are complaining about unfair completion from middle east airlines. Given the choice I would fly on Emirates or Qatar every time!
Every time I fly on an American Airlines they lose my luggage, and the planes are always broken. On my way back to MO last time, the plane was delayed in Phoenix for 4 hours, before they finally switched us to a new plane. They still managed to mess up getting my luggage back that night. This time, my flight left an hour late because of AC issues. When we land in Dallas for my transfer, I went from a 45 minute layover, to run as fast as I could to catch my gate. Got there as the door was closing. Turns out that didn't matter, because there was an issue with this plane too. Apparently, one seat was not functioning. I will never fly AA again. 
It took 37 hours to get to our destination. It was suppose to take 18, or so. My confirmed booked tickets, for my wife and I had two transfers. One in Dallas and one in London. In the end it was 3. Our plane to Heathrow was late and we missed our transfer, so when we got off our plane at Heathrow an American employee gave us new transfer tickets and told us to hurry to our next gate to catch it. So we ran to the next gate which took 30 minutes (Heathrow). When we got there my wife looked at the tickets and the layover was 4 hours. So why did the employee have us run? Because the flight was to Florence, not Pisa and they probably didn't want us to notice. So we went back through security (1.5 hours, Heathrow) and we got new tickets through American through British Airways to Pisa. We had about an hour wait after another run through security (1.5 hours) and back to the proper gate. So why didn't American put us on this flight in the first place? They work with British Airways to get customers to Pisa! Since we got back I contacted American about this issue, they sent us a voucher for $200 for a luggage mess up on the way home. It didn't have anything to do with the sending us to the wrong city.
I am a US college student currently in Buenos Aires, Argentina. I was traveling from Columbus, Ohio with connections in Washington and Miami. I board in Columbus without any problems however once on board I dealt with rude flight attendants. The flight to Washington arrives to DCA on time, I had enough time to board my flight to Miami, where I boarded without any problems but once again faced rude flight attendants. Arrive in Miami 20 minutes delayed where I was called up to the counter by an agent where I was asked to switch seats with another passenger because a family was traveling. I paid extra for this seat because all that was left was the preferred seating, I asked the agent if I would be moved to a preferred seat, she said yes. I get in line to board and am told rudely that I was in boarding group 4 and that they were only boarding group 1 at the moment. I paid extra to be in boarding group 1 and will never again switch seats with someone. Finally am able to board and the safety video plays on the screen on the backs of the seats. The pilot comes over saying that there are two minor problems that need to be taken care of before we can take off. After waiting for over an hour the pilot comes back over the intercom again to explain that we need to deplane. So we got off the plane and wait at the gate for another hour before we are finally told that the flight won't leave until 11.30 the next morning. After waiting forever to speak to the ticket agent and was only offered a transportation voucher. I had to pay for a hotel in Miami. 
American is usually okay for me but they aggravated me this time around. I'm assuming the airlines set the flight times. We had a 2 hour layover which is usually enough time but due to the size and unecessary complexity  I already reviewed the airport separately) of Miami airport, it was not enough time and we had to run to make final boarding call. I feel like an airline should understand times and how each airport is and should not schedule flights if they know it will be almost impossible for their customers. We were so close to not making it even though we were responsible with booking the layover times. If there is such a risk of passengers not making it don't schedule flights for those times! Part of the problem was the need to claim baggage and recheck it which we were not informed of when we booked the flights. It took far too long for our baggage to come and there was no one around to answer questions about whether or not more baggage was coming. Then after running to make it we still didn't take off on time. We sat for 30 mins at the gate while they fixed some problem in cargo. Some smaller complaints: they did not serve snacks on any of their flights for this trip and they did not show any good entertainment. They kept showing show after show instead of movies and not any good shows either that are popular.
Anytime I have ever flown with American Airlines there has always been a way to go above and beyond of making flight travel as miserable as possible.  I'll give American Airlines the benefit of doubt. Not all of the people who work for American Airlines are rude. They will acknowledge you if you are persistent and polite enough. When I was at the Denver Airport I was not impressed with the agents. The flight crew did their best to help me. They were able to inform me that I would miss my connecting flight to Pittsburgh. There was only one agent who seemed to address my issue in concise and respectful manner - other agents were rude. I don't need outstanding customer service.
I haven't flown with AA for a while and my July flight to AA is the most horrible experience I have ever had. The aircraft is not clean and new compared to other airlines like UA or JetBlue. On my flight from Dallas to New York City, I was asked to check my carry on baggage before boarding (I am the last few to board) saying there is no enough over seat space. But after boarding the airplane, I found that there are much more space near my seat and there is no need to check my carry on. On my experience with JetBlue, the flight attendee will arrange the carry bag space for you. 
My plane was diverted from DFW to Shreveport, LA, left on the tarmac for almost 3 hours and then abruptly cancelled. No flights out meant that everyone was stuck and no rental cars were available. No help w/ hotel costs or car rental. Will never fly American again
We were set to travel from Vegas to Dallas then to Orlando then to Gatwick. The nightmare started on our first flight, flight was delayed due to cabin crew being late, when we got to Dallas we had missed our connection due to the previous flight delay, we then get told we can go on the next flight but it was fully booked so we would be put on standby. We made them aware we had more connections to get to, they couldn't of cared less! After my partner explaining we needed to get home due to commitments etc they put us on a direct flight, after they booked it then told us it was to Heathrow airport which is 45 mins from where our car was in Gatwick. Advised that the airline would pay for our bus journey so we took it. When we arrived in Heathrow our nightmare continued as American airlines had now lost our luggage. When we realised the luggage was missing we went to a help desk just to file a report and to be told to go home and our luggage should arrive later that day and all will be ok. Well I've been home a day now and numerous phone calls to American Airlines have not been helpful to us.
Flight from Boston to O'Hare, fair to good. Basic experience. AA did not handle the flight delay well in O'Hare - assigning late inbound pilots who were near time-out for active service on an already delayed departure flight to an airport with a curfew time. O'Hare frequently has runway holds and queues to make things even later. We ultimately returned to a different gate due to timed-out pilots for our now cancelled flight but then they didn't have the staffing available to open the gate and get us started with rescheduling flights for an additional 20 minutes - blowing any chance of catching some of the last flights to Southern California for the night. It was just one setback after another. My recommendation, if your flying AA - stick with the hub in DFW, at least they may have the extra resources there to keep things moving. I was dumbfounded by the decision tree and mitigation process for the not so uncommon event of a cancelled flight at O'Hare. No hotel help, a silly dinner voucher for some restaurant that might be open in the terminal after midnight, and just not a whole lot of explanation. Yes, the rain did cause part of the delay, but really no responsibility was attributed to the airline for the other factors that weighed into the cancellation. I am now flying home on a competitor along with at least 5 others I recognize from that fateful night.
A depressing experience. Flight delayed nearly 4 hours with no explanation. We went through a secondary security check so water purchased after primary security was confiscated. I should be grateful that AA takes security seriously but several people came through that check with water not found by the baggage checkers. The cabin crew were rude, unfriendly and very unapproachable especially when we needed water. There were passengers in the front seats who we assumed were airline employees. They were given priority treatment with much joking with the crew. All very unprofessional. At take-off and landing there was very little attempt to ensure seat-belts fastened or seats upright. To get on to a British Airways ongoing from Miami was a true joy.
Flew from Vegas to Chicago O'Hare, en route to Buffalo. Was informed via voicemail my next flight was delayed and then another canceling. I called the given number to get booked for the next flight it was not until 8.30 am. She said I would get info through email that never came. They had cots present to sleep on but failed to mention they wake you up at 4am. Sat at my gate for 4 hours just to find out they had changed it without me knowing about it so I had to run to my next gate. I got there with 10 minutes to spare but they closed the gate, would not let me on, and said that my ticket had not been issued when I had it present on my phone. Next flight was not until 3 pm, luckily was on standby at 12 pm where I managed to get on an "overfull" plane last minute. Arrived home 14 hours later than I paid for. Used their gogo service and paid $6 for a movie that cut off after 30 minutes, no refund. They don't even offer complimentary peanuts on a 4 hour flight. Never will fly with them again.
Our flight was delayed 5 hours due to a bad computer part. We were repeatedly given inaccurate information about the length of the delay. Told AA had to get the part from UA, then told part had to be flown in. Then part was on UA plane in hangar. Told it would take 5 minutes to swap out. Took an hour to remove, another hour to install and then testing began. After 2 hours of delay, given $12 meal voucher. You can't even buy a pre-made sandwich at ORD for that amount. Missed our connection and the rebooked one too. Trip that should have been 16 hours to my home took 24 hours. AA gave me 5000 air miles, which costs them nothing. 
First they changed my flight time in London so my layover was 5 hours, then I get to Chicago and they wait until the last minute to change the gate which was a 15 walk from the original gate. They changed my flight time there to another 5 hour layover then the flight was delayed again to leave at 9 pm. Because of AA my travel time was 31 hours in length with no apologies. No one wants to help or answer any questions they don't care about the passenger I will never fly AA again.
Awful plane, dirty, very cold, unresponsive crew. I am platinum with this lot but it is out of necessity. American Airlines really is the bottom of the barrel.
Firstly, the transatlantic flight from BHX to JFK had no IFE, the staff service was inefficient and toilets dirty. Why on earth use a glorified 737 for long haul? After the flight from NYC to Dallas, which was delayed by 1hr, the final leg - Dallas to Lima was the same as above - with the added extra of a broken AC socket. Now I have found out that American have taken us off the return flight of MIA to JFK (then BHX) and given us a detour of MIA to ORD, ORD to JFK, so now have 3 stopovers, without notifying us. Awful.
This was the worst experience I have had with an airline and if at all possible, I will choose another airline for my next travel plans. We had a delay and then cancelation going to Montego Bay and the same (but worse) on the return flight. On the return home, we missed our connecting flight in Charlotte because there was congestion on the runway. The next flight was not for three hours. Then that plane was late and needed repairs, so after seven hours in the airport, we finally got on a plane to fly the 45 minutes from Charlotte to Atlanta. The airline offered us nothing, no vouchers or anything else, for causing us to miss our connecting flight. We just got attitude from the employees.
We arrived at Reagan Airport from LaGuardia to connect to an 8.40 am flight to Los Angeles. Predictably, the flight was late arriving, which was fine, as the connecting flight to LAX also was delayed. To 10 am. Then 11 am. Then the sign at the gate said to check at 3 pm. The aircraft was having "maintenance" issues which I learned only by calling the Platinum Desk. The plane was removed from the gate and taken back to the hangar. We were told we'd be boarding at 3.30 pm. And some of us - perhaps 10 - did board, only to be told to disembark. The pilot had "timed out" after waiting around all day like the rest of us. A few minutes before 4 pm, another pilot showed up and boarded the plane, but he strode off after a few minutes. The flight was then canceled altogether. I managed to secure a seat on a 6.17 pm flight to LAX via Chicago. In the meantime, I complained to a gate agent about the inadequate service and "surly, ill-mannered, uncommunicative" agents. The flight to Chicago eventually took off, and we connected from there to LAX, arriving at the California airport around 11.15 pm. My original itinerary had me arriving at 11.29 am. No explanations, apologies nor compensation. Just an awful experience all-round - and all too typical.
Coming off flights with Qatar Airways, I was on my last leg to New York with American Airlines. To start, the boarding began 20 minutes late because a previous American Airlines flight to Seattle was delayed. CDG is a shocking airport. I wasn't looking forward to the old B767 that we would fly either. But flight took off on time and wasn't that bad. I slept most of the time, partly due to a lack of personal entertainment. The only entertainment was an overhead screen showing some terrible movie. Crew was good, particularly one. Can't remember his name but you'll know when you meet him. Food was okay, main meal was decent, the ice-cream and snacks were excellent. Flight landed on time. So all in all a very average flight, but I won't recommend it.
Our flight from Miami to Boston was supposed to depart at 7.45. We did not leave the airport until after midnight. Nobody was offered an explanation as to why we were delayed. We had not one, but 3 gate changes, and our party was traveling with someone who needed assistance. The airport in Miami is huge and after the last gate change, we were told that our flight would leave in 30 min. The AA agent made one phone call for assistance and then left us to our own devices. We had to frantically scramble to find a golf cart, wheelchair, someone to assist. Many of the other passengers on the flight were outraged and not one AA representative gave us any reason why our flight kept getting postponed. Finally, when we boarded at 11.30, the pilot explained that extreme weather kept us from leaving on time. Not sure if I buy this explanation, as other flights departed, but at least he offered an explanation and an apology. Not even a packet of peanuts. Our original departure point was Aruba, and we'll fly JetBlue next time.
Flight cancelled from JFK to Cancun. I have had mobile app downloaded from American Airline's website that told me all the time the flight was on schedule. Arrived at airport to see on the boards that flight cancelled. Directed to counters to deal with and maybe try and book next flight. No apology, staff were unhelpful and counter staff downright "offish" to the situation. I was even told the mobile app doesn't communicate with flight counter so its information can be incorrect. So the question is what's the point of the app if doesn't provide up-to-date info. Flight booked for next day. So we incurred cost of overnight near JFK and incurred cost of night at destination. No offer to assist with accommodation for overnight caused by the cancellation. We were made to feel as if we as the customer was an intrusion to the non-operation of this flight. I lost my confidence with the airline, and return flight from Cancun to Dallas, the flight was delayed by almost three hours. So we had cancelled flight, then our scheduled return flight to connect with another international flight was delayed by hours.
Flew American Airlines from Tokyo to Chicago, 11-hour flight. We were a little delayed, but that didn't matter, the pilots did their best to make up for it and we arrived 45 minutes before the estimated arrival time. The flight was full, and as usual, the airspace around Tokyo Narita was congested, and there were about 7 planes queuing in front of us to take off. The little TV screen monitor that they had on the seat in front of me was tiny, and didn't have very many shows to watch. But, the staff were extremely friendly, and they had multiple drink options. I was seated in the window seat of row 41, and I had to try to climb over the person sitting next to me, who was sleeping, in which I failed. If you can find a flight with another airline, I'd probably take it.
Booked 5 American Airlines flights on January 13, 2015 for 4 of us going fishing in Alaska, flight out on June 24 and return on June 25. Called airline reservations agent in order to book flight and to specifically book seat assignments. Received confirmation January 13, 2015 for all. American Airlines changes outbound flights to a different route on May 20. Did on-line check-in on June 23 and discovered there were no seat assignments - AA refused to acknowledge or change to requested seats. AA as usual requests kiosk check-in at airport, even though we had boarding passes in hand. Newly kiosk issued boarding passes were not acceptable at any of the boarding gates and we had to re-check in at the boarding gate to receive a gate acceptable boarding pass. Bad, unpleasant, un-acceptable experience.
We didn't fly from Manchester to New York as the flight was cancelled. We sat on the runway for 2 hours whilst the pilot waited for maintenance staff. We were then de-planed without a single apology from the staff. We had to go back through airport security as if we had arrived in the country! All our duty free was taken off us. We then had to re-queue at check-in for over an hour and a half, staff were rude, brusque and aloof. Told that our only options were to cancel altogether or fly 9.5 hours later to Heathrow via British Airways. As we only had 3 nights in New York we would lose a third of our trip. We asked to come back a day later so we would actually get the trip that we had paid for, meaning adding on the day we lost onto the end of our holiday but they wouldn't honour this. We had to pay for our own additional night at the hotel in New York which they gave us 15 minutes to decide and organise. We flew back with American Airlines at the end of our trip and even on this flight staff did not smile and were brusque. 
My family had the most frustrating experience trying to fly to Toronto for a week-long vacation with United Airways (post-American Airlines merger). We bought tickets a month before our flight and ended up paying almost $700 each roundtrip (for 4 of us). On June 21st we drove 2 hours to Charlotte Airport and on our way we got an automated call telling us our flight had been cancelled for maintenance (at around 11.30) on a beautiful, clear day. Not knowing what to do we continued to the airport terminal and through the check-in line. The employee at the check-in said we had been rescheduled on a flight for the next day at 5.30am. This wasn't an acceptable alternative for us so we were put on standby for a 4.30 flight but then we had to check-in our stowaway luggage. We asked how we would get our luggage back if we didn't make it on the 4.30 flight, and were told that the luggage was marked for standby and would not be put on the plane without us. Past security we checked with other United Airways employees who assured us this was the case. These employees were all helpful and patient with us. We waited in the airport for hours for the standby flight, which unsurprisingly did not have space for all 4 of us. We were sent to baggage claim and waited for luggage that never showed up. Our bags had been sent to Toronto YYZ without us. I called Toronto Pearson airport where a helpful woman connected me to the United Airways baggage office. Finally I was satisfied that they probably weren't going to send our luggage back to Charlotte, and we drove up north. At Toronto Pearsons we found customer service who made a call and told us exactly where to find our luggage. A 1/10 rating is generous.
I flew out from Pensacola on June 23rd at 4pm. What was supposed to be a connecting flight in North Carolina turned into a disaster. My flight kept getting delayed with minimal communication of when our flight would be taking off. The flight time continued to change and hours passed by with little communication as to why. The flight that was suppose to board at 9.40pm did not get cancelled until just before 2am. I had already been traveling for 14 hours. I waited in a ridiculously long line only to be told that the hotels in the area were all booked and that the cots at the airport were taken. I did not sleep at all. I had to re-route my original flight from LAX twice because one of the workers routed me to San Jose which was 6 hours away from my destination (LAX). They re-routed me again an hour out of the way at John Wayne airport and had to find someone else to pick me up because of the change of my arrival. When I arrived my checked bag was nowhere to be found. My bag arrived a few days later. I have flown with US Airways / American Airlines many times but this customer service is completely unacceptable.
American Airlines displayed appalling customer service to its stranded passengers in PHL on the evening of 30 June 2015. Several of us were late by minutes to connecting flights to Europe, after being encouraged to run to catch our connections, all flights left without the 15-20 of us. These things sometimes happen, but what followed was not acceptable. Customer service representatives had no solutions for anyone, other than bookings for the next flight 24 hours later. No hotel, transportation, nothing. My service at the desk was dismissive: we can't help. We have no solutions or contingencies. It was only after my pestering them, when she handed me the dreaded "pink slip" - a generic phone number and website for "discount" on a hotel. The biggest problem is that customer service failed spectacularly at the point where the client is most vulnerable and alone-in transit. There should be a representative for each imperiled connecting flight, or group of flights. On-ground coordinators should be communicating with gate agents and in-flight attendants. Even when connections are simply impossible, let us know and give us options, at the point of debarkation. All it takes is for someone to actively monitor and question the line. 
They decided to detour and refuel the plane in Austin. As a result, the plane arrived almost half an hour after my connecting flight to LHR had already left. I was told the next flight wasn't until 3.30 pm the next day (being today, I'm sitting in the airport), leaving me almost 14 hours between flights. I couldn't afford a hotel. I was given no vouchers for food or anything else, was given minimal assistance, just a slip of paper and "hope they have room for you on the next one". Re-figuring my pick-up at Heathrow was more expensive and inconvenient than I could really afford. The airline was less than apathetic. The entire experience has been appalling.
We booked a companion certificate through the old US airways. We missed the outbound flight and had to take an alternative one way flight. When checking back in for the original return flight, American said there was no reservation in the system. As a result of not making the first flight, American told us we broke the contract, they canceled our reservation without notification to us and we had to purchase another full fare one way flight to get home. In addition, we were stranded for two more nights in the airport hotel. This was insane! Who treats their frequent flyer passengers and credit card holders this way?
We were overcharged for checking a 7th bag on a ticket of 5 people. Even after I explained to the ticket AA agent that the charge should only be $40, she still insisted on charging us $150. When our flight on June 25 (2971) from ORD to MLI was canceled due to mechanical issues, we were given incorrect information from multiple AA gate agents (ie. couldn't provide a rental car, couldn't rebook us on another airline, couldn't get us out of ORD until two days later), and after finally connecting with an AA representative on the phone (more than a 2 hour wait), we were told that we were indeed overcharged for our bag, and we should have been offered voucher per ticket because our flight was canceled due to mechanical issues, which caused more than a 5.5 hour delay. We were neither told this, nor were the gate agents helpful in trying to resolve the issue. We were told we couldn't file for a refund over the telephone and had to submit an email on the AA website, which I did four days ago -  still have not heard back from anyone yet. 
Both flights to and from destination had delays. First flight was almost 2 hours delayed due to mechanical failure, we ended up boarding a new plane, then sitting on the runway for another 20 minutes. Return flight didn't have working DC outlet under seat, and GoGo flight entertainment application wouldn't work on the phone, a terrible application.  This isn't the first time I have had delays with AA (2+ hours delay due to Mechanical failure on a flight to Cancun via DFW) and if I keep on flying with them, I would assume it wouldn't be the last. Other customers were voicing the same complaints.
My flight from London to Chicago was in an ancient plane with no in-flight entertainment. The crew were not very friendly and the food was poor. I was told I would have to pay for spirits (on a long-haul flight!). I would avoid where possible.
It was about 82 degrees on the flight home tonight. FA's didn't seem to care about passenger comfort. Passengers were complaining about the air. Television at our seat was intermittently working. This airline needs an overhaul, sadly, just when I'm about to achieve status. 
You get what you pay for, is how I feel after my second trip with American Airlines. But to be honest, was expecting a worse so I was pleasantly surprised. Flights were on time. Food and drinks were served during the flight. Wine, beer and soft drinks were served for free. Staff was polite, efficient and a few almost friendly. Plane new and clean. Water and juice or soft drinks were left available overnight to be self served. Lots of movies for entertainment. But Online check in was impossible. Especially with a connecting flight (even OneWorld one). Ground service was badly arranged at LAX. No signs or staff to seek help from. Seats in economy uncomfortable. Leg room absolutely minimum for a long-haul flight. Entertainment system worked well but selection in music was terrible. Screen didn't turn so when seats are reclined it's almost impossible to watch anything on it. Quality, taste and portion size of food was a little disappointing. At the end of the day we got where we wanted to go. On time. With no sleep but very, very cheap.
We travel every 1-2 years internationally and often use American because of the flight availability out of Tulsa. Two years ago we flew Delta business class while we chose American business class this time - the difference was startling. Delta was great service, great seats, great food. American Airlines seats were nowhere near as comfortable, the amenity bag was a relative joke, food was acceptable but not as good. The staff were less helpful. almost every flight was late to some degree which meant having to rush to connections. They did a fairly good job in O'Hare of expediting the process. the flight out of O'Hare was one class and despite paying for business class, we received nothing.
Flight #116 departing Maui on June 22 at 8:35pm was delayed 3.5 hours. All the restaurants and stores at Maui close at 10pm. We asked the flight attendant for one bottle of water to share amongst the four of us (me, my husband, and 2 children) when boarding the flight at 12:15am and were told they have a limited amount for the flight and do not give bottles to customers. Plane had no power outlets in economy class cabin.  Even though DFW is closer to my home I will make the extra drive to Love Field and take Virgin to LAX and connect with Hawaiian on my next Hawaii trip. 
I chose to fly American Airlines because they offered the cheapest flight at the time I booked. I wish I would have paid the extra money to fly another airline now. While leaving Louisiana we boarded the plane twice only to be told to go back and wait in the terminal. We were not informed as to what was going on and when asked if I would make my connecting flight in Dallas I was told that I would find out when I got there. When landing in Dallas I had an hour to get to my other flight (or so I thought). We sat on the runway for over an hour, which of course we were not informed as to what was taking so long. The only thing that made the flight bearable is the fact there was movie service from the flight from Dallas to Las Vegas ($8 for a movie). I attempted to just check in online for my flight leaving tomorrow morning only to find out it told me my request could not be processed and I had to check in at the airport. I called the customer information number listed on the website only to be told it wasn't processing because I did not have a seat on my connecting flight from Dallas to Monroe. To say the least, I will never fly American Airlines again. I will spend the extra money on an airline that I trust and is less stressful to travel with.
I have never encountered less friendly cabin crew than the ones supposedly serving on our flight from Miami to London on June 19th, 2015. That lot was comparable with perhaps the Aeroflot "of old", whereas today you get a smile out of Aeroflot crew. American Airlines has a lot to do in this respect, if they even care. I would feel embarrassed to work for AA, it is a pity that the customers are more polite than their staff.
Chicago to Manchester on Boeing 767. After an unexplained three hour delay, which kept being pushed back 15 minutes, then waiting for further updates, whilst all passengers ready and waiting at the gate, it transpired that we were waiting for cargo to be loaded at the inconvenience of fare paying passengers. Economy class has tired, hard, uncomfortable seats, limited leg room. No personal TV, just overhead TV showing (bizarrely, childrens films). Cabin staff were surly, not a smile between them. All older staff, and so rude at times. The way the breakfast boxes were thrown out was embarrassing, customer service was non-existent. No offers of second drinks, all they seemed to want to do was to get the meal service over so that they could sit down and rest. During the night time hours, it was freezing cold, even the blanket did not suffice to keep me warm. Strangely, they kept turning the lights on every now and then, so sleep was impossible. Probably the worst airline for onboard customer service I have ever encountered.
The seats were uncomfortable, service was a straight menu with just 3 types of drinks (coca-cola, water, and orange juice). The seats did not have a screen, and the general screen failed and no one can listen when the safety video was played. The crew did not give us something to drink, and no headphones.
A window seat was paid for, confirmed, and I had paperwork proving this, but when checking me in American Airlines randomly changed my seat. When I questioned the service representative at terminal D5 her response was, "well I don't have a window seat to change it to sorry." I will never fly AA again. Terrible customer service, very disorganized and rude.
Throughout my recent trip, there were difficulties due to under-staffing at the terminals and ticket check-in, leading to several long delays. Several of us missed our first flight out of Gainesville since there was miscommunication leading to no one being at the check-out counter prior to our departure and none of the boarding pass kiosks working. The return flights were equally difficult, with only 1 kiosk working and only one person working the ticket counter, which lead to check-in requiring about an hour. Several of the initial flights were delayed, leading to several of us missing our connection. While this is understandable and does occur at times, it took approximately 2 hours to receive our hotel vouchers even though the flight arrangements were made prior. This was again due to being under-staffed as only 1 person was working this terminal. The following day, multiple flights were cancelled due to "mechanical difficulties" leading several of us to again miss our flights. This again lead to an almost 2 hour wait in order to re-book after already waiting an hour prior to the flight being cancelled, causing many of us to miss our chance at making a compatible connection flight. I was initially told I would again have to stay over-night and was not given further options. After calling customer service myself, I found a flight to an airport 2.5 hours away although I was required to pay the rental car fee to drive back home. In summary, due to consistent under-staffing, there were numerous long waits which ultimately delayed travel planned. This combined with several flight delays (due to mechanical difficulties - not weather), lead do my initial flight leaving a day late and my return flight being delayed 2 additional days. I travel fairly regularly, and have never ran across this issue previously. I will avoid using American Airlines in the future if possible.
First, the good. The customer service was friendly and engaging. They checked my bag for free because of my military service and put my girlfriend's bad under my name too. Good deal. Well, that's about all. I accidentally went to the wrong airlines line for me and my girlfriend to check our bags so we were running a little behind. That was my bad. Now, the bad for them. The flight was canceled. The delay was exceptional. Before I even knew that, there were two workers behind the counter and both were tied up. One had a problem with an international traveler couple. Second, a family had their flight canceled or rescheduled. American was attempting to help but the mother refused the offer of a taxi because she requested a carseat (which is understandable). Things slowed to a crawl at this point. Now we resume to a positive note. Did I mention the staff was friendly earlier? Yes, they were nice. Disclaimer: I reviewed this prior to boarding.
Poor customer service after the returning flight was delayed. It took 48 hours, another delayed plane, a trip to Miami, then Charlotte, then Detroit! To get from Tampa Florida to Louisville Kentucky. You can drive it in 10. No one in customer service in Miami spoke understandable English. Not one person! And all I get from American Airline is "We know you are disappointed" and "We are confident we can do a great deal better".
I can't believe what a dissapointment this company has became, I had a flight from NYC to Memphis, on Friday 12th, my flight was cancelled at the last minute without any explanation. I catch a early flight in the morning of the 13th, then I have my return flight from Memphis to NYC on the 14TH June. When I got to DCA my flight was delayed and as always at the last minute they cancelled my flight, they didn't even give us a hotel room., I slept at the airport thinking I would leave the airport first thing in the morning, to my surprise I didn't, they put me on another flight with US Airways which was the same, as I was waiting for my flight, they cancelled again, then they put me on an AA flight leaving at 9.47 am and now is leaving at 10.
The worst exeprience I have had. Completly disorganized routes. In 1 day 2 delayed flights, one with 4hr, second one with 2hr delay. Next to that 2 changes of gates - terrible!
AA has completely lost my trust. The woman at the check in counter knew nothing about free bags for military civilians. After paying for our bag, she gave us our boarding pass and mentioned nothing about it being delayed. We found out after I noticed that the time was different on our boarding pass. When the time came to board, we find out that the flight is cancelled when we noticed no plane at our gate. We approached some AA attendants and the woman apologized for forgetting to announce it, and then looked for another flight for us. She found one for a 5am flight - 4.30am check in and gave us a hotel voucher of which the shuttle runs every half hour. That means we would have to leave the hotel at 3am in order to make the flight. At 2.30am, my boyfriend finds out through the flight tracker to discover it is cancelled again! He tries to call customer service to reschedule but had a 1 hour wait time on the phone. When he finally gets through, the man on the phone suggested a flight at JFK at 7am, which we wouldn't be able to make it in time even if we left at that moment (3.40) because we would have to wait for the (every 30 min) shuttle, get on the airport train, get to the stop for long term parking, then get the bus to get us to our car, and then drive over an hour to JFK. So then he puts us on a 3.50 flight to Chicago getting us there at nearly 6pm. Our whole Saturday is gone. AA wasted us a lot of money and time. I will never fly with them again. 
What has happened? Airlines have revolved into greedy money making machines and in turn allowed people to become smug and uncaring for others. What used to happen in my day when a person of 6ft 5ins boarded a plane there was consideration and care? Now it is all about extra money! I distinctly remember when this situation arose we would kindly ask smaller exit seated passengers to swap and 9 times out of ten people would be happy to do so. We maybe would offer a few drinks in return and everyone was happy. My son who is 6ft 5in was like a caged animal on our recent American Airlines flight, 10 hours of absolute hell. Yes we could have paid more for an exit seat but he is a student and this was not an option. While shorter passengers get seats for less he is now faced with either having to pay more to travel than shorter people or not travel at all. It is not as if he can do anything about his height, if he was simply overweight – then he could diet – but this is not the case. American Airlines allowed him to stand up all the way from LA to LHR for 10 hours, when he had to sit his legs had to be wide apart and any chance of a brace position would be completely ruled out. American Airlines – shame on you for your greed! I am not sure why trolleys were used for the meal service – they could have just chucked boxes of junk down the cabin and asked those interested to catch them. 
I flew non-stop from SLC to MIA on a redeye, 4 hours of flight time, no problems, delighted to find a non-stop flight. A week later, coming home, (June 10 2015) was a totally different experience.  The flight to DFW was delayed for a mechanical problem (air speed indicator), so they re-boarded us on a different plane, but after all
passengers were seated and the safety video shown, they said there was another mechanical problem (didn't identify it) and sent all 200 of us to a re-booking desk which couldn't possibly accommodate all of us.  Meanwhile after an hour standing in line, they called us back to the second airplane and the ones of us who hadn't left in search of another flight, toted rolling bags etc on board yet a third time and we sat and continued to wait while the baggage was loaded. This leg of the trip had begun with the supposed 12.25 pm departure of Flight 2407, but by now it was 5.30 pm, with no signs of hope. I knew I'd already missed my connecting flight to SLC, and was able to book another DFW flight for 6 pm.  I made it in time to board this different flight, but the 6.00 departure time turned out to be 7.00pm.  The delay here was for yet another unexplained reason.  Still,  I was able at DFW to make my connecting flight to SLC on a 10.00 flight, but this interminable day stretched out far longer than it should have, and I don't see how it could be, that every single AA flight I was on that day, all had delays. The staff were friendly and helpful, but, I can't recommend this airline. 
A friend and I flew JFK-BOS-MIA-CUR last minute and at an incredibly low cost. BOS-MIA we got 'upgraded' to Main Cabin Extra for no apparent reason. Check in was actually surprisingly smooth and efficient, friendly staff. Out of the 12 Cabin Crew on the 3 legs 9 didn't spare a smile, didn't manage to finish the 'service' (consisting of 1 complimentary drink) and seemed to be tired and/or just hated their job. 2 were plain rude to fellow passengers for no apparent reason as well as unprofessional and only 1 of the 12 was outstandingly nice and cheery as well as professional. Aircraft old but decent enough, no entertainment (one leg not even safety demonstration after all screens didn't work). On ground experience and price top, inflight flop.
This is the 3rd time this year that I have flown with American Airline, I give this airline 1 star out of 5 stars. Number 1 reason is this airline has constant delays all across the board, every flight I have flown on has been late or delayed for the past 3 times this year. I will never fly with this airline again. I am extremely dissatisfied with the quality of service and the delays they have for every flight.
Just returned from a trip to the Caymans for a wedding, and as usual had a bad experience on American.  I had hoped that the pending merger would improve Americans quality, but instead I'm afraid it will make USAir worse.  I used miles and flew business class on USAir - cost 120,000!  The plane was actually an American plane, and was dirty, with torn, worn out, uncomfortable seats. Service was marginal.  I keep having bad experiences on American, and have actually decided to use up my miles and change to another carrier - it is sad to see how airline travel has degraded - dirty, worn out, cramped, buses with wings.
I travelled to and back from LGA. Going was actually with US Airways. The staff on both journeys were rude although the LGA to LHR flights were better. Going to LGA staff were rude and not helpful when serving food. The entertainment system was okay although have seen better the touch screens do not work properly. I was sat at the front so luckily had good space however the other seats seemed tight. The second part of the flight (domestic one) was a two by two carrier and the tiniest aircraft I had seen. I would not recommend and I would avoid at all costs.
My husband and I flew to London in business class on 4/29/2015. Plane was old business class seats were too close to each other the food was the worst ever. Toilets were dirty. We will never fly American Airlines business class anymore. Very unsatisfied customers. We usually fly Qantas business to the U.S. from Australia and let me tell you that it is a first class airline! I'm flying back to London on July 9 business class flying with BA never again AA. Very dissatisfied customers.
American Airlines without notification or reason cancelled my ticket on the return leg of my trip leaving me stranded. The flight to Seattle from Philadelphia went smoothly. I was able to check in board and fly without problem and it was actually one of my most pleasant flights. However when I tried to check in for the return flight I was informed that my ticket had been cancelled. After waiting on hold for a long time one of the American Airlines representatives informed me that the ticket was cancelled because I never boarded the plane in Philadelphia. Eventually I was told that if I showed my boarding pass from the flight from Philadelphia to Seattle to a check-in representative they would be able to book a seat on the flight for me. However until that time the seat was not reserved for me or guaranteed in any way. It was important that I make the flight in order to be at work so I had to make an extra trip to the airport early so I could re-book my ticket thereby wasting precious vacation time. So do not fly on American Airlines unless you enjoy the thrill of not knowing if you'll get to use the ticket you bought the mystery of whether the airline knows you're on the plane or not and the excitement of using vacation time to pick your way through a companies complex inaccessible and unable customer service system.
May 14th AA63. May 21st AA62. Paris-Miami Economy: the worst experience I have had for a long distance flight. I was lucky to get the seats with more space without paying as I was one of the last ones to check in. The airplane was so old that it is difficult to put a small bag inside the plane. What's more shocking is not having an individual screen for each passenger. moreover on the Paris-Miami flight the steward was not nice at all. While the hostess gave me a can of coke he only gave me a glass. The food was ok but very low quality compared to the price paid. On the return flight the food was just terrible no comment I did not eat it. Of course same thing on the return flight no screens and very old plane. The seat in front of me was all torn. I have tried many other airlines for long distance flights being in Europe or Asia and none of them were as bad as this one.
Flew with my wife from Seattle to Charleston with stops in DFW and DCA. Selected the least expensive flights and we are not frequent travelers so I did not expect a great experience. Our flights did get rescheduled probably due to the merger with US Airways. Delays were manageable with just one hour on the first leg out of Seattle. What I did not expect was for the flight attendants to be so curt and rude. When I was denied a blanket I could almost read the attendants mind ("please put me out of my misery"). Impolite doesn't even begin to describe their attitude.
A very frustrating experience. First their flight is delayed due to "bad weather" in LGA whereas we can see that United and all other airlines are taking off and the weather looked good enough. Initially they said it is delayed by an hour so we thought fine lets wait for an hour then they tell its delayed by another 2 hours. We had to catch a connecting flight at ORD which had just an hour layover. Then finally this flight from LGA is scheduled to take off 6 hours later than actual scheduled timings which means the connecting flight has already left. I called the customer care to check for the status and they tell that there are no more connecting flights from ORD to XNA for the day. The next connecting flight was only at 9.15am from ORD. So we decided to wait until 6.30am that day and leave directly from LGA instead of going to ORD and waiting till 9.15am. We (including my aged mother) finally landed up sleeping in the airport all night. The TSA officials were kind enough to give all passengers sleeping in the airport a cot and a bed sheet. Next day morning we start at 6.15AM and then again the flight is delayed by 2 hrs. One of the passengers asked the flight attendant if she will get her connecting flight and the attendant replies "We just have to keep hopes. That is all we can do"!
All four flights were terrible and the disorganization and poor customer service was inexcusable. We didn't experience anything like mixed up flights or delays that lasted too long but what we did experience was bad enough. We left for an international flight that departed at 6am they had such slow kiosk and desk service that almost an entire flight of people barely made it on the plane. Kiosks weren't working the people that worked there didn't even know what was going on and were flustered. The anxiety level was high because we all thought we might miss our flight due to American Airlines awful check in service. Instead of reassuring people that the flight wasn't going to leave without 75% of it's passengers. The wifi isn't free it doesn't work half the time and they boast 'free' things to watch and it's all a scam. For as much as they charge for a flight something as little as wifi can make a huge difference. We were on an international flight and they don't even offer snacks you have to buy snacks! I had a bad cold coming home and asked the flight attendant for some cold water and hot water and tea. She rolled her eyes at me and brought me hot water and cold water and no tea. I had to ask for tea from another flight attendant who practically threw it at me. I went to the bathroom during the flight and asked a flight attendant for tissues (again I had a bad cold) she was sitting down looking at her phone and didn't even look up at me just pointed at the bathroom. On the flight home there was a group of people that were obviously traveling together and were so disruptive and rude. They were standing up in the aisle talking loudly and there was a toddler with them that kept running up and down the aisle. The flight attendants never once controlled the situation even though all the other passengers were clearly annoyed and people were saying so out loud.
Flew May 9 2015 from Boston to Paris. I am 75 yrs old and having lived both in South Africa and Europe have done a considerable amount of flying. This flight was absolutely the worst ever. Conditions regarding space and comfort (lack thereof) were beyond appalling. People who could not fit their feet under the seat in front of them were forced to stick them into the aisle. I feel that safety is compromised by these conditions and both the US Transportation Department and American Airlines need to seriously consider this issue. I will of course never fly with this airline again. In addition the food was not fit for consumption.
I flew from Orlando to Barcelona on May 6th with a return on May 18th. It was by far one of my worst experiences in commercial flying. The reasoning for this rating is extensive and ranges from their computer changing my times and seats three times from reservation to flight to inoperative bathroom in flight to massive delays both ways ranging from almost 2 hours to cool down an aircraft cabin before boarding to waiting over 2 hours for flight attendants to arrive in Miami from Philadelphia. It is obvious that no longer is the passenger important but rather all the extra charges and cramped seating that rule the day. In terms of choosing an airline carrier it is sadly my opinion that airlines such as KLM or Lufthansa offer better service and would be my first choices on international flights.
Flight 55 to Chicago due out Sunday morning at 9.30. Sat in airport all day to find out at around 3pm that the flight had been cancelled due to a technical issue. No information from the staff all day. Had to find out what was going on via the website. The flight got rescheduled for Monday. After another hour delay we finally boarded the same aircraft that they where having issues with the previous day. We set off to the runway only to turn back with a technical issue. We were then sat onboard the aircraft for a further 6 hours as they where having the same issues as the previous day. After the 6 hours we where informed that the flight was being cancelled yet again. By this time it was to late to make alternative arrangements. The downfall for me was the job I should have been at on Monday morning had to be cancelled as I could only get there by Wednesday. Total disgrace.
I had a flight from Chicago to London Heathrow. Flight 46 on 14th May. A Boeing 767-300. Delayed by 2 hours so missed my British Airways connection. Cabin was dull. Worst part no personal screen and seats short on legroom. Felt like all economy passengers were refugees running to some other place. Food was ok but not as good as compared to Air India. Staff were ok too. Will never recommend AA.
After a 24 hour delay during which time we were not kept informed of what was happening we board another plane. The new plane sits on the tarmac 45 minutes past take off time and only then the pilot informs us there appears to be a problem with the plane so the plane returns to the gate. There are no apologies there is no information and it seems total indifference to people like myself who will miss their connection resulting in a further 8 hour delay. Service is zero professionalism is zero however the aircrew do appear to be putting in a lot of effort to avoid passing among the passengers or making eye contact. Flight 9268 to Chicago.
I flew Baltimore to Seoul (BWI-DFW-ICN) on 10 May 2015 the flight out of Baltimore had to return to the gate due a cockpit display not working making the flight an hour late on take off. We were then diverted due to weather - admittedly the crew were helpful during our enforced 4 hour plane-bound ground stop in Austin. We finally got to Dallas 5 hours late – ‘to be greeted by a (non-existent) customer representative’ the queue for the customer service at C25 was pathetic – two people and a queue of several hundred snaking around the terminal. Fortunately I had my BA executive card and got into the Admirals lounge were the queue was only about 20 people. We (three of us) were rebooked on the flight to Narita (Japan) and onto Seoul the following day. Although technically that flight would have left technical ‘issues’ meant that we left 7.5 hours late arriving in Narita at about 11pm. What a contrast - upon arrival there were about 15 Japanese customer service people with individual ‘packages’ for passengers containing onward boarding passes details of buses to pre-arranged hotel accommodation and a food box. Next day a special bus took us back to the airport for our onward flight to Seoul. Our luggage was not so lucky – even with the 7 hour delay at Dallas AA was unable to send our luggage out for another 2 days! The return flight was ‘better’ – in that there wasn't a delay but the flight was cramped – the 777 clearly had not been ‘spring cleaned’ since its delivery many many years ago the food was mediocre at best and the ‘entertainment system’ simply because it was entertaining trying to find anything of interest to watch/listen to. Quite simply AA (as do other US carriers) provided the absolute bare minimum. Unfortunately it is ‘company policy’ to only fly American carriers – and probably the only reason that American carriers still exist.
Flight 2256 to depart IAH at 6pm on 5/12/15 was delayed by one hour. Myself and 2 daughters were on our way to Branson MO for a short vacation with family. This delay made it impossible to connect to our flight at DFW so we had to reschedule our flights to the next day cutting into our planned time with family. I have not flown AA in years due to lost luggage issues previously and this is my experience the first time I tried to use them again. Not only was this a huge hassle with 2 kids to get to and thru the airport (then out again and back the next day) but I'm very disappointed in the fact that our vacation is having to be cut into as a result of the flight delay. Extremely disappointed.
AA138 DFW-DCA first class. I've really stopped expecting anything when flying domestically in the US or Canada. Flight departed late due to heavy traffic and weather. Seat ok but nothing special on a 737-800. Was in 1A. Having just got off QR from Doha a big change. Cabin crew not friendly Basically had my meal tossed at me. Meal itself was tasteless and over cooked. No control over economy class passengers using first class lavatory even while the seatbelt sign was on. It is getting me home which is about all I can say that is positive about this flight.
It is not a good feeling when you get ashamed of the company that is representing your country to the world. But it was how I felt when I boarded AA 91 from London to Chicago. The oldest plane ever out of 4 overhead TV (they didn't even fold-this ancient) 2 didn't work. How can you still not have an in seat entertainment on an 8 hours international flight? Noise level in the cabin was at times unbearable. It was the last leg of our round-trip to Greece. First 3 legs were served by British Airways - what a dramatic difference.
Just returned from a two week trip to China using AA into Beijing returning from Shanghai. We've traveled to over 70 countries world wide and this was the first and last time we'll ever use American Airlines. They use a 777-200 out of Chicago which resembles a cattle car the way passengers are packed into the economy section. 2-5-2 configuration and while we paid extra to sit in the two side the seats were so cramped there wasn't enough room between rows to put the tray table down for meals. When the passengers in front reclined their seats it was claustrophobic. Keep in mind this is a 14 hour flight. Ironically enough the flight attendants who refer to this equipment as the Slave Ship told us AA is talking about adding another row of seats. Meals were horrid power port and audio jacks didn't work and the "entertainment" system is laughable. We had three flights in China on China Eastern Airlines while we were there and their aircraft were all modern clean and spacious. If this is what we can expect from the American/US Airways merger I will avoid the new company at all costs.
This was the worst travelling experience! The staff are rude and abrupt at check-in the meals are terrible and you cannot purchase anything else on board they didn't have earphones or the option to purchase on board (for a long haul flight from Philadelphia to Dublin) and none of the reading lights worked in our row. Aside from this the planes are extremely old to the point where it was genuinely terrifying. The insulation is extremely thin in comparison to other planes so you can hear every noise the engine makes! Also the navigation system didn't work as we were landing but the pilot told us not to worry he knew Dublin so he could find the airport!
I just traveled with my mother to Miami Florida from Calgary Alberta in April we bought our tickets online a month before our trip. We received the flight information by email everything was going fine. The flight down to Miami was great however the return trip was a different story again we checked-in the night before to save time but they overbooked the flight from Dallas to Phoenix and my elderly mother had to pay an extra 35 dollars to be guaranteed a seat on the flight to be able to stay traveling with me. I was asked to check in my carry on in Dallas because they were not going to have enough space in the overhead compartments. When we arrived in Phoenix they announced that the flight was overbooked and asked if anyone was interested in staying overnight and catch the morning flight to Calgary they offered to pay for the hotel and give you a travel voucher I could not take them up on the offer as I had already checked my carry on in Dallas. We bought our tickets a month before I felt that our seats should be guaranteed. The only saving grace of the trip was that the stewards were very nice on the flights.
As two couples we traveled Heathrow to Palm Springs via Dallas Fort Worth. The Heathrow flight was on time and the service was ok but not great. A little too "matter of fact" if I can use that term. Our flight from DFW was a different affair. Because we couldn't book our seats we were advised to ask at the desk at Dallas. When we arrived I was impressed that they knew we were coming but added" we think we have four seats spare but leave it with us". I had already had trouble booking seats from Heathrow with not wanting to pay and extra £30 pre booking fee! We eventually did get 4 seats. 2 at the front and two at the back. The attendants were efficient although abrupt. On our return flight again we couldn't book the seats we wanted and got split up yet again on DFW to Heathrow leg. The Staff were quite rude to all passengers. One fellow passenger asked what choice was for breakfast? "Only one option" was the reply "take it or leave it"! We got the impression that they didn't really want to be there. Many reading lights and video screens were not working just what you need on an overnight transatlantic trip! We bought our tickets in September 2014 and we couldn't get seats together when it came to the 24 hr check-in. So what gives. I will say this now; we wont fly AA again and I will not recommend them either. They are advertising "We are Adding new planes every week" I think they should repair some of their existing ones first!
Will not be flying with this airline again. Was traveling from Seattle to Houston Hobby through DFW. Plane was delayed on the runway for over an hour because American couldn't communicate with their own computer system in Dallas. Because of the delay we landed in DFW just 20 minutes before my connecting flight was scheduled to leave in another terminal. Hauled over to that terminal only to see a completely different flight posted at my gate with no agents in site. Found another gate with an agent and told him my situation. He put me on standby for another flight to Houston. I was called from the standby list and put on that flight they asked me to gate check my bag. Then after I was seated they called me off the airplane saying they had double booked my seat! They could not return my bag to me. Put me on yet another flight to Houston for two hours later. But that gate listed information for another flight. Talking with other customers it became clear that none of the gates displayed the appropriate flights it was utter chaos with agents switching gates for flights every 15 minutes or so and disgruntled passengers everywhere. Meanwhile it turns out that the flight they kicked me off of was cancelled because the pilot had reached his maximum number of hours before the flight ever left. Everyone on that flight was moved to my new flight. Eventually they boarded the flight and then sat at the gate for an hour because as the captain put it "someone who needs to be on the flight is not on it." The passenger sitting next to me showed me radar on her phone indicating that a storm was rolling in that would prevent us from leaving if we didn't leave soon. Many passengers started shouting to the crew asking why we hadn't left yet and many openly started wondering if the crew was actually making excuses to delay the flight until it was cancelled. Remember that many of these passengers had been on a cancelled flight just a few hours before. Anyway the captain did wait long enough that a storm rolled in as predicted. We were told we would need to fly out of the other side of the airport and circle around the storm so we taxied over. Once we were all the way on the other end we were told the new route required more fuel than we had so we had to return to the gate. Then we were told the ramp was closed so there was no gate for us to refuel at so we had to just wait. Finally a gate opened up for us but we just sat there for another hour. Then the captain told us that he reached his maximum number of flying hours so the flight was cancelled. At this point I cut my losses rented a car and drove to Houston from Dallas.
This review is being written after a number of times flying with American Airlines. You can almost always expect delays terrible customer service and just an overall bad experience. We had a two hour delay from MIA to SFO which would connect to LAX. The airline representatives were not helpful and made our travel anxiety even worse. Absolutely the worst airline across the board-from aircraft to personnel. How could the customer service be so terrible? The only reason I chose this airline was because it was cheaper than JetBlue. American Airlines is truly a disappointment.
A321 TPA-IA 737 MIA-YYZ. First leg delayed by over 1.5 hrs. Missed connection by 12 minutes. No apologies and stupid explanations. Put us on flight over 5 hours later. Once boarded we sat over an hour waiting for a pilot! Two different stories. Pilot delayed in traffic or pilot was timed out for his duty day and had to find someone else to drive the 737. And of course they lost our luggage. Is this any way for a major airline to operate?
We had two flights with AA from Madrid to Miami with their 777. The first flight was five hours late no excuse no money. The B777 is one of the worst you can fly with - 2-5-2 seating but AA charges 100 Euro extra for the 2 seats-row. The seating is horrible no space in economy the in-flight entertainment is like 2002 with a small amount of films on re-run every 15 or 30 minutes (by the way my LCD did not work). The worst about AA is the staff - unfriendly tired and virtually throwing the trash food on your seat. Even for a US-carrier AA is under all poor standards. So - stay away. American is like Ryanair but not as cheap. Never again!
Wife and I booked a trip from Houston to see the son in West Palm Beach on 4/17/2015. Our flight was supposed to be one of the first that left that day so we were ate the airport very early. Check in was 4 am. Of all the flights in the entire airport ours was delayed 2 hours. Why? Because they said it did not get in till late the previous day. Well that delay messed up our connecting flight in Dallas-Fort Worth so the day got worse and our total day was extended 6-7 hours. I understand that there are times when issues cannot be avoided but the airline booking personnel just didn't seem to care. We paid extra for the priority seating but they just threw us in the pool of last place seating until we got in their face. They did give us a meal voucher good for one of the vendors in the airport but only when we had to demand it. The pilot explained that there are rules of mandatory rest between flights which we understand but that news was known the previous day so why did we not get notified? The connecting flight was also delayed due to maintenance of passenger seats. For our return flight home my wife and I were praying for no issues but American Airlines made sure that we would not go home happy. The flight from West Palm Beach to Dallas-Fort Worth was pretty routine in the air but flight was delayed leaving the airport due to some "auxiliary power" issue that maintenance had to remedy before take off. When we arrived in Dallas-Fort Worth the powered boarding shute needed maintenance's attention before we could exit the plane into the terminal so we had to wait for that fix. As luck would have it our connecting flight was delayed another 1.5 hours! I will definitely find another airline before I choose this one again. The money you save does not justify the agony or grief this airline dishes out.
I was scheduled to fly from DFW to HOU Flight 5770 departing DFW 3.10pm arriving in HOU. Instead they notified us that there was no plane. We didn't have a plane to board until 5.30pm and the plane didn't depart until 6.20pm that evening. Over a 3 hour delay due to not having an available plane. Before we took off the pilot notified us that due to weather they were going to have to take a more Western route and were not sure if they were going to have enough fuel. Instead of actually getting more fuel we took off anyway. 30 min into the flight they notified us that there was a line to land into HOU due to weather and that they didn't have enough fuel and needed to land in San Antonio. Not only did we not get into SA until 8pm but the crew notified us that they had flown too many hours. So even if we did get more fuel there was no crew to fly the plane. At this point we were stranded in San Antonio and the weather had become so bad in Houston there were no planes out. We were stranded. After 2 hrs waiting in line the representative informed me I could not get back to Hobby until 7.30pm Monday. Monday I flew back to DFW 1433 to catch another plane 1489 to get to IAH by 12 noon. I took a cab from IAH to Hobby where my car was at b/c this was a better option than waiting all day to get back home. Practically over 24 hours to fly from DFW to HOU. I am extremely dissatisfied with American that I will no longer be flying this airline. Even though American did supply meal vouchers and put us in a hotel this is completely unacceptable.
I know American is now responsible for US Air so I will put my comments here. I had a 4 leg trip from Houston to Ashville through Charlotte. Tickets were cheaper flying out of Bush but I will go through Hobby next time. Every leg of trip was delayed crowded or a rough ride. Seats were cramped. Snacks were to expensive. I checked my small bag to avoid the storage bin struggle. Our gate at Charlotte was doubled up for two flights from two major airports the information on screens was not updated with delays and confusing. I will pay more and fly another airline or drive before I fly American (US Air).
My family and I were traveling on March 27 on flight AA 238 from (DCA) Washington Ronald Reagan National D.C. at 5.35 pm to (MIA) Miami International Airport. The airplane was old. We could see where the paint was chipped on the right wing. We had seats 15D 15E and 15F. The seat next to the window would not move back up after it was inclined back. We were landing and we pressed the button and could not get the seat to move back in an upright position. A male flight attention called my attention and I said I could not move it. He said that seats on American were more aesthetic than they are functional. The airplane lacked tray tables. Accordingly when served drinks there was no place to put the drinks. Furthermore not only were tray tables absent from this old plane but even the lock to hold them in place was gone from the plane. The plane had not been properly cleaned before the flight and our flight was overbooked. The seats were very narrow even though we paid for more better seats. My mother who is of normal weight and body proportions had difficulty getting in and out of it. Our earlier trip to Washington DC from Miami was on a newer plane and we didn't have these problems.
8th April AA57. Return on AA56. This was our first and last trip with AA. We were told we would be flying on the new AA planes. This simply was not true. Why should one pay the same price if you are going to fly on a dirty broken old plane in business with a ridiculous 2 3 2 seating arrangement and the entertainment system broken. We will never fly AA again. They seriously need to up their game to compete with Emirates Singapore etc.
This is a rough review because we flew first business and coach. We usually fly coach but for a trip to Napa we used our points to go first class. The AA/United merger combined the worst two airlines in the Western world. Flew on 4/7 (260 / 193) - BAN-DFX-SAN. Service food seating excellent. Plane a little old and shaky but all in all a good flight. Returned 4/13 (193/5290) SAN-Charlotte-BNA. Although we had first class we were relegated to business with an accompanying drop in quality across the board. The trouble is the age of the planes - it's like something from a museum. The noise from the engine was so loud it was like sticking your head under the hood of a car. But for once all flights left on time without mechanical problems. We were closer to the real world of 95% of all travelers with tasteless food (a box handed out at the end of a 6 hour flight with a roll candy bar and smoothy). Entertainment (quote unquote) was from attached dirty ancient screens for which AA would kindly sell earphones. I had my IPAD and kept busy while the Mrs tried to doze. Then at Charlotte it's Reality Time. We got bumped to economy (first row) but the constant groans reminded us that these "seats" were once used for unruly reform school students. That was in the 1940's since they were tiny dirty torn and stretched. The place looked filthy. A webbed shower curtain in several pieces separated "first class" (real classy) but they did manage to pass drinks to us in the cattle car. Yes we are switching carriers to anyone who has bought a plane in the last 30 years.
AA flight 2891 on 19th Apr 2015. Flight was late 140 mins due to which I was sure to miss my next connection to Calgary. Technical faults do occur and are understandable. But the issue is how rude and uncooperative the staff were. They had a permanent no for an answer for everything in a most unprofessional way. As a last resort I was booked on same day from San Francisco to Calgary as it was very important for me to be there in Calgary. I had to rush and take ground transportation from Sacramento to San Francisco and working out the next step as I was moving ahead. Forget help no guidance was provided on how I can get to SF airport. Would have accepted same sequence of events if they were delivered to me with a smile. AA staff needs serious training in this aspect of customer service.
AA 954 on 12th April 2015. Truly awful service from Buenos Aires to NYC. Flight staff were alternately incompetent angry or non-existent. Bizarre lack of professionalism creates a stressful flight atmosphere. With so many international options never again will we fly American. Not worth the few dollars saved on the ticket price.
On April 9 2015 while my wife and I waited to board a flight from Barcelona to NY-JFK there was an announcement that it had been canceled. It was hard to hear and broadcast only once. Several of us had to confirm with an attendant that it was indeed canceled that we had to pick up our luggage at the baggage area and return to the check-in counter. My wife and I along with the others scrambled to navigate our way through the airport area finally to the baggage area. After what seemed like a very long wait our luggage along with a handful of others' came out last. This meant that when we finally found our way back to the AA check-in area we were at the end of an extremely long line. Eventually my wife and I "split" with her waiting on a long line at an AA service counter. After about 3 hours she made it to the front while I still had many people ahead of me. AA booked us on Iberia flights for the following day and a hotel with paid meals. We were then given directions to a free hotel shuttle. We never found it and ended up paying for a taxi but the driver took us to the "wrong" airport hotel. Fortunately that hotel let us take their shuttle to the "right" hotel. It's surprising but almost understandable that AA had no "backup airplane". My complaint is less about the cancellation and more about the lack of assistance at Barcelona Airport. Announcements and guidance was poor. There was no one to help us navigate back to the baggage area. We had to wait on a customs line to get back "in" so that we could go to the baggage area. We and others had to grab AA personnel passing by to find out anything even in the baggage area. It was an upsetting experience that cost us a day. We will think twice before using AA again & have spread the word wherever we can.
My husband and our teenage son went to visit family in Nashville for two weeks this Easter. We booked our four flights each London-Chicago-Nashville and back through BA. BA were supposed to take us as far as Chicago with American Airlines doing the Chicago to Nashville bit. We missed our connection at both legs of the journey which was hugely inconvenient particularly when returning to the UK. To be fair AA brought us back to Chicago airport in time but for some reason the they were not given a gate for more than an hour. I approached the flight attendant asking whether AA can communicate with BA about this delay particularly as there were several people apart from us who were due to catch the same flight. She said that the flight will probably wait for us they know that we are being delayed. This resulted in a mad run between terminals 3 and 5 in vain. We were then sent back to AA desk in Terminal 3 to rebook our tickets for another flight. AA staff took a very long time to process each person. By the time we finished it was more than 1.5 hrs after we started queuing. We were told that the we will be put on AA flight to London tomorrow afternoon. There are many flights between London and Chicago and we requested an earlier flight. The person dealing with us said that if we wanted tickets to an earlier flight we should have come earlier. She refused to check whether BA had any flights the next day. In fact they were as unhelpful as possible. I made a point that we paid tickets for the flight that just left and had we managed to be on it we would not be asking for anything. We were told that we cannot collect our luggage as 'it has gone to BA'. We were given vouchers for an airport hotel and forced to stay overnight without luggage and they reluctantly gave us two sets of very basic things such as toothbrush and toothpaste for us three. The next day at AA check in desk we were told we need to collect our luggage at luggage collection No 5 after which we needed to bring it back upstairs and check them in. They could not locate our luggage. As the time for our next flight was approaching my husband ran to the check in desk to let them know that our luggage never materialised whilst I waited at carrousel No 5 in case it does. We asked if we could be upgraded if there were any spare seats in the premier class and the staff member said 'we do not upgrade for such a reason'. No other option would make me use this airline again.
Non-existent customer service. Recently flew JAN-DFW-ELP. Delayed and missed connection in DFW due to weather. Had to overnight. No help whatsoever from AA because of "weather". No vouchers no distressed travel rates no phone number to call for booking my own hotel and had to walk 20 gates for hilariously cheap toiletries kit that was given grudgingly. Surly agents throughout. Truly an example of the worst in airline culture. To top it all off was unable to be booked on next morning flight and missed work. Agent could only put me on a later flight. Said I was put on FC upgrade list however. The next day when I was told I was upgraded they wanted $70 for the 1 hr flight. Agent said "well it's not free". I am AAdvantage Gold which is meaningless. Now a hostage to them with my new location but will take United or Southwest whenever possible in the future. People understand weather issues but the total lack of even the most basic customer service and rude behavior/attitudes is appalling about this "airline". Previously flown with Delta extensively and they always handled weather delays and misconnections in ATL professionally and courteously. So it can be done AA just doesn't care.
Original flight was scheduled to depart at 10.30 am from DFW. Flight delayed too many times to count. Right now we are at 4 hours past (2.30 pm) I am on the plane have been sitting here with no air flow or electricity for about an hour. We were told that the flight crew was coming from OK however all the passengers from OK are on board and the flight attendants said they could not find pilots. This type of incompetence and lack of communication does not instil a lot of confidence in my safe arrival at my final destination. Although AA was $100 cheaper than United I will never fly with AA again.
Flew American three times in the past two weeks. All domestic. 1) San Francisco to O'Hare Chicago. 2) LaGuardia NYC to O'Hare Chicago. 3) O'Hare Chicago to San Francisco. Good: on time performance. Did not experience delays Bad: 25$ for a checked luggage? Come on! What are you? A Low Cost Carrier? And because of this many people opted for a carryon resulting in overcrowding of overhead bins. There were simply not enough space for all carry-ons. Bad: flight attendants! No smiles! Not very attentive. They looked tired grumpy and stressed! Bad: IFE! No individual screens. Bad: old single aisle Boeing planes. Bad: you have to pay for everything. Complimentary drinks limited to water canned sodas and juices.
LHR-DFW return on 777-300ER. I booked this route especially to take this newer plane for the inflight entertainment which did not disappoint. I found the crew okay and some even smiled! What I disliked about AA was the exorbitant prices they charge for pre-allocated seats which was a necessity in order to seat a family of 4 together. The food was mostly below average but having read reviews I wasn't surprised. I don't like the way they have chosen to add another seat to each row in economy. So instead of 9 abreast they have made it 10. This makes the aisle ridiculously narrow and I don't see how hundreds of people would be able to escape in an emergency so I'm surprised the FAA permits this higher density seating. Legroom was tight for anyone of above average height. I also found it strange how the seat belt sign was illuminated for virtually the whole flight - in both directions - and there are hardly any announcements from the flight deck even when turbulence is quite choppy. I chose AA for the equipment they use on this route but I would think twice about booking them again due to the hidden costs that aren't factored into the ticket price.
I have just flown American from London to Miami with a connection to Cancun. The flight AA 57 due to leave at 9.45 am from London was delayed by 1hr 35 minutes with no apology or explanation as to why. The delay coupled with a customs shambles in Miami meant we missed our connection. The Express tickets (red ones) were a complete waste of time we just joined the queue with everybody else and the lady at the next baggage check in was totally disinterested and dismissive. I am frequent flyer an this was booked via BA and was a very poor customer experience. I will avoid American at all costs in future.
Flew Boston to Barbados via Miami March 10 returning March 17. Managed to buy a cheap upgrade to First Class Boston to Miami which was good - though American airlines first class doesn't measure up to the first class of other airlines. One good flight out of four. The rest was economy all the way and truly miserable. Miserly leg room have to pay extra for everything ground staff ranged from hostile to comatose cabin crew completely indifferent. Was made to feel like a dollar bill squeezed till I squeaked. AA operates for its shareholders not its passengers.
Flew from San Francisco to DFW (Dallas) for my connection into Houston Hobby (04/05/15) just to sit around for hours the airline changed the departure time at least 7 times then in the end it was cancelled and do you think they had the decency to have a ticket agent at the booth no mysteriously the agents all disappeared right before the cancelled notice went up on their board. No one instructed us to do anything I went to other agents and they just told us they could not help. Just ridiculous all around meanwhile Mother's and children traveling alone sitting at the gate crying trying to figure out how they were going to get home. I ended up having to get a rental to make it to my final destination on my own. All American Airlines does is inconvenience people the final straw was when the agents at the rental car counter stated that American does this every week to folks who are going to Houston Austin and Lufkin so it was nothing new to them they claim mechanical failure! If they supposedly have new planes and they are investing in all this new equipment where is it? Why don't they use some of those new so called planes they have purchased! This was a less than an hour flight come on American have some common sense!
From LAX to PVG (Shanghai) the worst business class. Most of the flights to Asia have much better business seating. The middle row has three seats if you are in the middle of the middle row you must cross someone to get in and out. The seats configuration is old and looks very dark and unpleasant. Larger screen for movies but not very many good selections.
AA are making a big thing about all the new planes they are buying. I flew from Heathrow to JFK 27th March on a really smart 777. That's where the complements end though. I have never flown with a worse cabin crew. They all wore different clothing as though they had turned up from home and not bothered to change. They were totally uncommunicative - amazingly not a word was spoken to us through the entire journey. One of the crew fell asleep in a seat at the back of the cabin. Food was served as though they were doing us a favour and just dropped in front of us without a word there was not a friendly smile between them. One of the crew was not tall enough to close the overhead lockers. I cannot believe AA are spending so much on renewing their fleet yet seem totally unconcerned that their staff are behaving in this way. I flew back on BA - a fabulous crew who worked their socks off for the customers what a contrast!
AA flight 397 on March 25th. The first leg of our trip was delayed so we arrived at the gate 7 minutes before the flight was to take off. We had notified the gate agents that we were on the way to the flight but they shut the door in our face and would not let us board. We found out they had overbooked the flight by 50 seats. On the next flight we watched as friends of the gate agents boarded on standby while the rest of us were bumped > again. No gate agents seemed interested in helping us get home. We eventually had to rent a car and drive home since American Airlines would not give us a seat on any flight to get home. An extra $100 and 10 hours delayed we arrived home.
LHR to MIA Business Class. The plane was one of the older 777-200 with 2-3-2 seating meaning that the person in the middle always had to disturb someone to get out. The seat was ok but not really a true flat bed. The VOD was patchy in that on two of the films I watched there was something wrong with the display so I had to stop it and restart it. The food was very nice - my steak was delicious. Cabin crew were all very friendly and accommodating.
I flew Manchester to JFK and return with AA. On arrival at Manchester the airline staff quizzed us in detail about where else we usually travelled to why we were going to the States what jobs we did. This took about 10 minutes. Check in was via a machine designed to make AA a staff saving however it did nothing for their customers most of whom were frustrated at its inability to work. The whole crew were late and ran through the airport together to take up their posts. Did this account for them not checking whether the passengers had on their seat belts or arm rests in the correct position? Apparently not as it was exactly the same on the return flight. The safety video could not be viewed by passengers seated by the window due to the low overhead and central hanging videos. Did the crew have a uniform? They all dressed differently some wore extensive amounts of jewellery and chewed gum others had not even combed or tidied their hair. All were markedly scruffy compared to every other airline I have ever flown with. More worrying was that none of the crew advised passengers to remain seated when the seat belt light was lit and passengers proceeded to walk around the cabin throughout the flight. Or maybe it was the Captain's error in not turning the light off at all. Who knows whether we even had a Captain as on the out flight no announcements were even made! Not impressive on safety at all. Lets face it food comfort etc are also important but if an airline fails on basic safety the rest pales to insignificance.
I have the time to write this review due to the third delay I've had with this airline. Not a single good thing I can say about my experience with American. I have flown Southwest Delta Jetblue Frontier and this is by far the worst airline I have flown. We had an hour and a half delay the first flight plus an emergency situation so we missed our connecting flight which has never happened to me. They supplied us with the worst hotel overnight. It wasn't just us that missed our flight 5 other families on separate ones missed theirs too. Then the flight the next day got delayed 30 minutes! So our three day trip turned into one day from all the delays and missed flights. Finally heading home and they announce mechanical problems with the plane. So now the flight is delayed 2 hours and we are missing our connecting flight to Salt Lake. So we get to board on a 6 pm flight but let's not kid ourselves that'll be delayed too so probably 7. And then it's a 4.5 hour flight so I'll be getting home at 2am. Other airlines can figure it out so please do to and spare us all the pain and frustration.
Flew JFK to Manchester. First disaster came when checking in for flight to be told as a group of 6 we couldn't be seated together. Then it got worse as we couldn't be sat as couples unless we paid $260.00 per couple. Once on board we were sat apart. The cabin crew were at best unkempt and rude. The meal we were served was awful. Only 1 toilet was working for the full economy cabin on a 757 this is not good on a 6 hour flight. Overall a disappointing experience and will not fly on American again.
London - Miami Return January 2015 (Boeing 777). I could only choose where I wanted to sit 24 hrs before my flight which was fine as most airlines have that policy but what really threw me back was that all aisle and window seats cost an extra $69 - $100 each way depending where the seat was located! You have to pay extra for an aisle seat at the back of the plane on a 10hr transatlantic flight? This is not easyjet or Ryanair for goodness sake! The so called cheap flight on a major airline was not so cheap after all as they were already nickel and diming before getting off the ground. I refused to pay and went for a free middle seat which I loath I have wide shoulders and have to hunch inwards my plan was to arrive early and hope the check-in desk could sort me out with an aisle seat which they were able to do but that is where the Customer satisfaction stopped.) Plane was on time and boarding was reasonably quick and I was perched in my aisle seat which was very narrow I also noticed many people getting their roller cases stuck in the aisles as they tried to roll them down but it turns out that in an effort to squeeze an extra seat in each row American Airlines compromised with narrower seats and aisles. In the air nightmare #1 The narrow aisle caused one particular cabin crew to bump the trolley into my shoulder or elbow without even so much as an apology. #2 You get free beer and wine but the entire cabin ran out beer and white wine before the first drinks trolley finished its first pass. #3 The plane was old and the only movies available played at set times (not on demand) that's right 2015 with 90s technology - AA may have painted their planes but they are still old and nasty inside. Worst of all it was the same experience on the return leg mercifully the flight was 60 mins less - A truly awful transatlantic flight!
Flying home from Rochester NY to Los Angeles CA I had to change planes in Chicago. Our flight from Rochester landed with plenty of time to make the connecting flight. One problem is that we had to park on the tarmac for one and a half hours. Another plane was occupying the gate. When we reached the gate it took the employees forever to bring up the valeted bags. I missed the connecting flight and it was late in the evening so there wasn't any available flights. I asked about other airlines in the morning and was told nothing was available. I was given stand-by for AA in the morning and if I didn't make that then an 8.05 pm flight was booked for me. AA wouldn't pay for a hotel room so I was on my own. Once I got to a hotel and started my computer I found a United and Virgin America flight for the morning. Of course it cost me more money but I had a meeting the next day and couldn't risk the stand-by status. What a difference dealing with Virgin America customer service over American Airlines. I will only use AA as a last resort in my future trips. American couldn't tell me how many people were on stand-by for the morning flight so I could evaluate my chance of boarding.
What is the point in paying extra for Priority when the seats are still the same size? Not to mention the overhead bins are not full yet you made me check my one carry-on. This is ridiculous. I planned ahead and packed lightly so I could use a small carry bag. I have an appointment when I land and cannot wait for Baggage Claim. What should have been offered was Priority Baggage PickUp. These items should come off the plane first and be stowed with strollers or other items along with First Class baggage. I will avoid this airline at all costs going forward.
DUS-ORD-Tampa-LAX-ORD-DUS. We fly on European carriers quite often - but American Airlines have made an art of employing non caring - ignorant and unfriendly staff. I have never encountered such condescending flight attendants - and such arrogance. We flew from Dusseldorf to Chicago as first leg. The seat allocation was a disaster at the airport - my wife was in a middle seat 6 rows behind me. When we asked the check in crew to change it - we were told to take care of it at the gate at the gate we were told to sort it with the cabin crew and the cabin crew? Not our problem - you should have taken care of it before boarding - end of interest. Only after I really got angry - and walked off the plane - telling them to get my luggage off - a steward from the front end of the plane got involved and shuffled people around so we could sit together. Our friendly stewardess then managed to ignore us for the whole trip. Second leg - we were on the last row of an ancient DC9 - with the galley next to us and a toilet door that would not close properly. Return trip uneventful - but one thing is certain - never again American.
AA78 DFW-LHR March 6 2015. What a disappointing flight on one of AA's ancient 777-200 cabin feels more like a prison cell than business class. Seats in 2-3-2 configuration (haven't had this for 15 years now). Instead of lie- flat seats they still offer lie in s-style and be careful not to slip down to the floor while you sleep. Stewardess climbing over me to cut off the way she had to walk. Food was disappointing as well. Only highlight was the wine selection that was a little bit better than ok. No way that I will use AA again.
I traveled reluctantly on American Airlines Buenos Aires - New York and return in early December 2014. On the most recent trip I can only say that the seating was horrible the flight attendants inattentive. I did like two attendants on the return flight one a male who saw the girl sitting next to me unwilling to put her tray up for takeoff and he firmly said 'you know the drill put the tray up'. You could sense his professionalism and no nonsense approach. He was quite professional. Another attendant was very personal with me and admitted that flying was not what it used to be said that the 777-300 had two back seats that you could not recline and actually defended the passenger in terms of lack of comfort. She said that now it is a question of bringing your own entertainment food all of which surprised me since she was not party line and quite personable apologizing for making me wait ten minutes for some water saying 'I'm sorry I'm in another world today' not so reassuring but she was on top of things. A mixed bag. On the flight to New York the food was awful but a flight attendant when telling her that I need a lot of water subtly gave me an entire bottle in a plastic bag. Perhaps it's because I helped an older passenger with her luggage but still what a shocker. I find that I am very uncomfortable getting off their planes. They have twice lost my luggage once on an earlier flight but found it days later. The latest was really just uncomfortable because of the 2x5x2 seating arrangement on a 777-200. I cannot recommend them for comments like 'whose the next victim?' or 'the entertainment system is not working. We suggest you read a good book and go to sleep'. This was on a flight Buenos Aires New York about three years ago stated in Spanish and English by a flight attendant. Passengers laughed but you could see many were offended by her suggestions. It used to be a great carrier.
Sitting at AEX. Flight 3271 was scheduled for 6.05am. It is currently 8.20am and still not boarded. There is always delays. I travel for business and American is so inconsistent it makes it hard for the business traveler.
Recently we traveled to Cancun from Calgary Canada with an over nighter in Dallas Fort Worth. Our flights down were for the most part uneventful with only minor delays out of Calgary and Dallas. However coming back on the 28th of Feb was the worst experience we have ever had in over 30 years of flying. We were stuck in an enormous backlog of passengers in Cancun Airport the majority of the backlog was with American Airlines. Not withstanding the fact that there were storms all over the southern US the American staff assisting passengers in the line-up un-organized cluster that accrued in the terminal was appalling! They could not organize anything and upset passengers constantly. They were so incompetent that they would have had difficulty organizing a staff bathroom break. We where in the line-up for 5.5 hours and never saw a listing for our flight till we finally went through security and even then they had the gate location mixed up. A horrendously poor experience.
I had an unpleasant experience with this airline on Sunday March 1st. I took a flight from Houston to Chicago then had an hour to connect to my flight to Toronto. The first leg was fine on time and was surprised that a meal was served on a short two hour flight. I got to Chicago checked the departure board and saw my flight was delayed an hour. That was not too bad so I used the washroom came out to get a coffee and decided to check the board for the gate again and to my surprise my flight was then listed as cancelled. Told that even though I had booked first class if I wanted to get to Toronto the next morning it would be in the back of economy told that the only first class available would be in two days. The biggest surprise came shortly thereafter when I went to search for a Customer Relations desk: there was none! There was a system of phones. Eventually a CS agent came to the phone. She told me that the previous gate agent booked me for the following night from Chicago to Philadelphia then a six hour wait to board a 7 am flight back up to Toronto getting me to my destination two days after the original time. I instead took charge and asked if I could get a flight to Buffalo and was placed on one for two hours later. Of course "weather" was the cause for the delay but oddly enough only my flight was showing up as being cancelled. I fly often so if weather was a major factor the board should have at least a few more cancellations or delays. Because of this "weather" excuse there would be no assistance for a hotel. I was to depart from the L gates and just before boarding there came an announcement that we had to go over to the H gates- - with just minutes to spare. Service has been much better to me by other US based airlines when faced with unusual changes such as weather or mechanical delays-I have had them all. I will stick to my preferred airline and not use AA anymore as this experience plus a similar one last summer with them has completely eroded any confidence that this airline can get me from point A to B on the same day.
MSP-MIA. A battered old airplane arrives at the gate looking like it would be from 1960. We got inside and some of the monitors were not working and the seats barely reclined. The flight attendants were very nice and passed out drinks but I still don't understand why they do not offer snacks on a 3.5 hour flight. My flight from MIA-MSP was terrible. We arrived at MIA airport getting ready for our flight at 1pm. We find out it is cancelled and the airline did not give us a reason why so we were rescheduled for a 2pm flight. When we went to board the 2pm flight we find out that they cancelled our seats for that flight and replaced them with a 9pm flight. We had to stay in MIA airport for an additional 7 hours! Once the time finally comes to board the flight bound to MSP we get onto the plane which previously came from Mexico City. The flight attendants were very welcoming however they then tell us over the speaker that this plane was out of service and that American Airlines must find us a new plane to fly on. So we get all of our luggage off the plane and leave the gate once again tired and exhausted. We wait in the gate area and find out our plane is located at the opposite end of MIA airport a 25 minute walk/train ride to get to. So we get all of our stuff together and head towards the other gate. Boarding begins immediately on one of the brand new planes and it is delayed an additional hour. The flight finally leaves at 11pm and I was supposed to be home at 6pm originally. We got to Minneapolis at 2am. Do not recommend this airline if you have little kids with you as changes to occur commonly but the flight attendants are great. The flights not so much. American has really gone down in service.
I cannot find one thing to say about this airline that is complimentary. Had a flight from Orlando to home and arrived 2 hrs early. Line and kiosks were absolutely packed. And why is that? Because there are only 2 check in people working. Of course I am late for my flight and spend the rest of the day trying to get on a stand by. AA workers at the gates very unhelpful and dismissive. Tell me if I am not some kind of gold customer I cant be put on a stand by list. Terrible customer service in every way. I will never fly them again and do not recommend anyone else to either!
After a cruise in Ft. Lauderdale we took a connector flight to Dallas on the way to Phoenix. Upon arrival had to sit in the plane 2.5 hours as there was a plane in our gate. Because of snow and ice on runway and also because Dallas is not prepared for this and American could not find a pilot we were cancelled. So for the next 24 hours we spend in the Dallas Fort worth airport we spend 8 hours waiting in lines for a flight and slept along with about 100 people on the floors and in chairs in the airport as the hotels were full. I felt sorry for seniors would had to endure this drama as there was little to no help from American Airlines. Finally after 2 cancellations and 1 standby refusal we found a flight to Phoenix.
Flight from MSP to DFW to MIA was late both flights and each time they were highly unorganized. Late to board and very uninformative to passengers. Flight itself ok. Very uncomfortable seats and I'm an extremely small figured person. Flight returning from MIA to DFW and then to MSP was a disaster! Got to the airport 2.5 hrs early and had American Airlines bump my flight unbeknown to me to a following day! They put me on standby with a confirmed seat and then argued when I didn't get on that I was late when I was there an hour before departure. They did not out me on and when talking to a supervisor and his pawn they did nothing claiming it was not their fault even though I had a confirmed seat on time and they bumped me. They did nothing to appease the situation and the girl behind the counter was very rude! I will never fly them again. Disorganized unprofessional and expensive!
After 30+ years of flying American I will now avoid them. My flight from Heathrow to Miami "First" was appalling with a complete lack of the usual amenities. The plane was old and tired media system small and ancient only 1 current movie of interest terrible food (inedible) and tantamount to false advertising in my eye to call this "first class". Be warned that unless you know the exact year and configuration of the plane you are flying the customer service department won't give you a definite answer you may have the same experience.
Flew AA Cost Rica-Miami-Toronto. Ancient airplanes with drop down televisions every few rows. Couldn't read anything on the screens. Staff unhelpful and I never saw one of them smile. The man beside me (mistakenly) asked to purchase some cheese and crackers. The attendant literally threw a menu at him and hissed that they didn't have cheese and crackers. The seats were painfully thin and I could not get comfortable even in the Exit row isle. The only bonus you got a full can of pop although I asked for ginger ale and they didn't have any. Service only came through once and people were all complaining that they were parched and would like water.
Booked on a Sunday morning flight from Miami to New York. Arrived at 6.50 for an 8.10am flight. There must have been 10 lines along a large expanse of the terminal. We were misdirected 4 times to the wrong line. The lines were 4 layers thick and moved incredibly slowly. We stood on one line for 40 minutes before we began to fear we would miss our flight because of the slow pace of check in. The American line attendants were unhelpful. They suggested self- check in but I explained that I had a dog. He then told me I was in the wrong line. The correct line was equally long and I missed my flight. I will never travel AA again. There are other choices between Miami and NY and AA is not less expensive.
Flew from Philadelphia to Dublin old plane unfriendly staff - one screen for 50 people and 1 movie in 5 hours. Pasta and bread tasted the same and fixed recline for seats. Unsatisfactory! Will switch to another airline next time.
People are getting bigger not smaller. The seats were uncomfortably tight and small. Entertainment terrible can't they put on a recent movie. Not even a cookie was served! The airline attendants were stone faced. When leaving the plane no attendants present. This is the worst airline we have been on. We will never use it again even if it is cheaper. Flights both going and coming were 45 min to 1 hr delayed. We almost missed our connecting flights both times we were the last to board the plane with rude comments from workers that they are waiting for us!
All four of my flight legs were substantially delayed (one because they couldn't find one of the crew members). The airline took no responsibility for the delays-they did not have enough gate agents did not accommodate passengers who missed connecting flights or were trapped in airports overnight as a result of the delays and were extremely rude to passengers who asked for compensation. The seats were also very tight and I could not fit a normal sized backpack fully under the seat in front of me.
Very poor long haul experience with American Airlines. Aircraft was ancient with one TV per 6 rows; wording on screens was illegible if sat at the side. Food was in edible. Crew failed to conduct a full cabin secure check with many hazards going unnoticed. Will not be flying American again.
We paid a premium for a flight from Albuquerque to Orlando getting in at 5pm. As it turned out we could have arrived earlier on the cheaper flight with another carrier. We were delayed as always when flying AA. Eventually got in over 3 hours late. Asked for some level of compensation for getting in late even though we paid a premium for this particular schedule. Received an email saying we won't be giving any compensation and of course could not reply to the email. Sadly I will no longer fly this carrier. It has just been too many problems delays etc.
Travelled from Miami to London on January 8th 2015 in first class. Very bad service and very shabby cabin. Here's a warning. Our meal was extremely disappointing it was cold and when we complained the meals were taken away and re-heated not safe. Also and worse still was my wife's meal. She needs Gluten Free food but her meal was terrible some chicken and rice which again was cold. When my wife made comments to the senior steward she told us that due to AA cutbacks they are withdrawing special meals. This was not denied by AA customer relations so if you have any kind of special dietary needs do not fly AA. Be warned.
AA from BOS to MIA on Jan 26 (rather than on the 28th to avoid the storm) next in business MIA to Santiago Chile on the 28th as scheduled. Returned in economy Montevideo Uruguay on Feb 10 to MIA (rather than on the 11th to avoid a predicted storm). Finally on to BOS in first on February 12. I wish the in-the-air product always equalled the consistently excellent service we receive at the Platinum desk. Based on three of the four flights we found the experience professional. The flight however from Montevideo to Miami was characterized by perfunctory service with the crew basically invisible expect for the required meal service. When we boarded they were clustered together laughing. No assistance in boarding the very full plane and throughout the flight. AA has a lock on this flight; should do better. Primitive inflight system not working. Ratings below based on MVD-MIA flight not the other three which were fine.
JFK to GIG on Nov 21st and return on November 30 from GIG to JFK. Flying business class all over the world with different airlines. They are by far the worst that I have experienced. Lousy old planes broken seats and tray tables entertainment system consists of ipads horrible food and drinks selections (half of what is on the menu not available). They are known to cancel flights for mechanical failures. The crew were nice and were aware of their company's issues.
LAX-DFW-MEX and return - First/Business Class. My expectations were set fairly low as these were my 11th and 12th transit of DFW on American over the last 6-7 years but wanted to burn off some miles. Of these trips I can now say that 2 have departed on time out of this place. That said my trip down to MEX was uneventful. Food was fair at best and F/A's smiles seemed missing but was on time. The departure out of MEX back to Dallas was delayed by Radar problems at MEX. This set off a chain of events that resulted in a missed connection at DFW and while 90% could be attributed to the Radar problem. The flight was not posted on airport monitors and the gate was changed. The departure gate did not have the flight displayed so people had to ask if this was indeed for the DFW flight. Once on board the pilot announced a 59 minute traffic delay due to an early full ground stop. That 59 minutes went by plus another 20 or so with no further word from the crew. Late passengers arrived about an hour after the scheduled time and once loaded the door was shut and we pushed back. Since I signed up for Emails I received no fewer than 14 Emails that I didn't read until arrival in DFW which caused connection confusion that even one of their agents could not explain. As it turned out due to carry on bag only I could have made my first flight but apparently they gave my seat away thinking there would be no way I could make it. Coming into DFW I checked online and it showed what looked like I had been rebooked on the 2nd of 2 remaining flights but Emails after arrival which were generic made me think I had been rebooked on the first of the two. All 3 remaining flights were at different terminals which didn't help. Food offered on both return legs was ridiculous same thing on both flights which means they boarded the little biscuit sandwiches at DFW flew them to MEX to serve on the return flight.
Travelling from Bogota to London via Miami we lost our connecting flight at Miami Airport due to delay of our first flight with American Airlines. We waited 5 hrs in a long queue with other passengers that have also lost connecting flights with AA. AA staff was really impolite. Their only offer was to travel to Dallas next day and from there to London. They didn't offer accommodation and we stayed all night at Miami Airport (12 hours) We finally reached London 24 hrs after our initially scheduled time. They didn't offer any kind of compensation. Never travel again with AA.
JFK-Bermuda-JFK. Flight to Bermuda uneventful though only soft drinks served despite being an International flight at dinner hour nary a peanut to be seen. Seat comfort was reasonable for a 1 hr 37 min flight. One flight attendant was extraordinarily rude and sassy loudly scolding numerous passengers about a number of trumped up infractions. Return flight to JFK was overbooked so we and others were hauled into an American Airlines office told we would have to be rebooked the following day. After waiting a while with no further time left to clear customs American told us to be re-booked each passenger would have to pay an additional $298 above the flight ticket already paid plus a fine. American refused even to ask if other flights (Delta or Jet Blue) had space later that day when no one was willing to pay all the extra charges to re-book on American the following morning or even tell us where the other two airlines were located. As it turned out Delta had only Business Class seats available (they said) but Jet Blue could accommodate everyone for a charge of $198 per person. American is clearly not very customer friendly and one would think twice about flying with them again in the future. JetBlue as it turned out had more leg room served a snack and their crew onboard was much better organized and politer than American had been.
AA0071 1/12/2015 FRA-DFW. Actually my flight was with Etihad however the connection from Frankfurt to Dallas Fort Worth was with American Airlines. The plane outside looked great however once I boarded it looked like I was still in the 1960's. Damaged/not working light switches ugly and dirty seats and the 12 hour long flight had no monitor to watch anything. I will try to avoid American Airlines in future.
We used American for the first and last time 1/5/14 for a flight to Cabo (flight 1087). We had a transfer in Chicago that's where the nightmare began. We arrived 15 minutes early but had to wait for almost 1.5 hrs to get off the plane. The pilot said the gate was not clear yet because we were early then they were de-icing then the baggage handlers then crew problems. Our connecting flight was delayed an hour so we would just make it. The flight was scheduled for 10 am delayed until 11 but no gate given then 12 then 2 then 3 then 4 then 5 then 6. We found out sometime after 2 that the plane was in Seattle. They never offered an apology although they did give us 12 dollar meal vouchers. We got 2 sandwiches and had to pay for our sodas. We were scheduled to be in Cabo at noon that day but did not get there until 10pm. A day of our vacation was lost 9 hours of aggravation and never offered any compensation for this terrible service. Just a quick comparison we went to Cancun in November on Southwest airlines they had a problem processing our boarding passes 20 minute delay we were afraid we were not going to be able to go but they got the problem fixed. If you have a choice for flights choose a company that cares.
In spite of the fact that we booked and paid for a $4K vacation a month before the actual travel AA wouldn't assign my husband and I actual seats. This meant we couldn't print out boarding passes before getting to the airport. However if we were willing to pay extra $ they would give us seat assignments. In coach. They were basically holding the seats hostage unless we paid a ransom to free them. When I enquired w/ AA as to why they actually said that our $4K payment gave us the "service" of flight/flying not the actual seat. They also said seat assignments were handled by the gate. An out and out lie since an extra $60 or more would have gotten us seat assignments on the spot.
Flew from Seattle to Santiago via Miami. The flight to Miami was uneventful on a 737. The flight to Santiago left much to be desired on an antique 767. Seats were uncomfortable and stained. The meal was bland and unappetizing to look at - made the mistake of having the chicken. The old school "entertainment" system was a throwback to the 70's and the movie was only available in Spanish. It was a moot point though as I could not see the 12" screen from a dozen seats away anyhow. The return flight was canceled. We were rebooked the next day on a 777 which was a welcome change. Unfortunately this plane was filthy and the FAs were quite rude. To cap it off as we were boarding we were stopped on the jetway and told that AA has a no outside drinks policy so we would have to throw out the bottles of water we bought airside before boarding our 10 hour flight. On the plane I timed it and after the original thimble of water it took 5 hours to get another one. I learned my lesson and AA will not get my business again.
Flight 1021 on January 24 from Granada to Miami. This was a terribly crowded and hot plane. Flight duration was about 3 hrs 45 mins. The flight attendants made a single pass through the cabin to offer drink service and pick up cups which took no more than an hour and a half. After this they were not seen for the last 2 hrs 15 mins of the flight. I found three flight attendants seated at the rear of the plane. I have never had worse inflight service and had never seen a more lazy group of flight attendants.
Booked flight and hotel with Travelbag and was horrified to discover that I was flying with AA! We flew economy from Heathrow to Miami Miami to San Jose. Check-in was good and we got good exit row seats on the first flight. Second flight we got bad seats and rude staff. Return journey again we got good exit row seats but had more bad staff does AA specialise in them? Not as bad as I thought but due to rude staff I won't be rushing to fly with them again.
Flight 287. Our Flight was supposed to be non-stop from Miami to LA. Plane developed a problem as we sat waiting to leave the terminal. It took 2 hours to determine it was not fixable. We were compensated with headsets and two granola bars while we waited for the news that American Airlines was trying to find another plane. No plane was available so we deplaned and waited another hour in the terminal for the decision to fly to Phoenix where we could refuel on the same plane and go on to LA. By now the flight is 4 hours late leaving. Arriving in Phoenix the captain said "Good news is we are in Phoenix the bad news is the crew has to stand down due to FAA regulations." Another delay - All the passengers were shuttled around to other flights. It's late we are all exhausted and had been lead along by a string of lies. We missed our connecting flight by 6 hours and had to stay in LA. Two granola bars and a pair of headsets. One lie leads to another creating distress for the passengers and the consequent employees that had to deal with the avalanche that resulted from a full-flight of unhappy flyers. It was a nightmare. I will never fly American again.
I have 2 children. One is 8 month and the other one 2.5 years. They don't give priority to board the plane to families with babies nor seniors. Secondly the staff who help you when you are checking in are useless. When you get to the airport you have to check in using their computers but if you are traveling with infants you have to line up for more than an hour. When we lined up an AA employee approached us and confirmed that we were in the right line. One hour later the staff member who was about to help us check in said that we were in the wrong line. Once at the gate they didn't give preference to families with babies. Somebody said through the speaker that there wasn't enough room for our carry-ons and that we had to check them in at no cost. When we approached the staff member at the front desk guy to ask him where to leave the carry on he ignored us. Lastly this airline charges you extra for your luggage. Our ticket was very expensive and on top of that we had to pay extra for our baggage. This is the first and last time that I travel with them.
I try to avoid them whenever I can but as a student I have to go for the cheapest so I gave them another try from Miami to Milan. First of all no private screens on a 9 hour journey should be banned. Although I did sleep most of the time I would have liked to listen to some music or watch a movie of my choice not chosen by them. Besides that the aircraft didn't seem very well kept and the food was just bad. To make the matter worse the plane was delayed by 6 hours and they kept changing our gate telling the plane was broken. Would try to avoid them if you can.
Why is there always some "breakdown" with American? I live in Alexandria LA and only have three choices and unfortunately I am forced to fly AA. Normally only 1 out of 4 flight go without some type problem. Always late or delayed. Flight Crew doesn't show up. Gates are changed sometimes up to 5 times. And lost bags are the norm. Why can't AA get their game together?
In the air American was decent. We flew TUS-DFW-BNA and EVV-ORD-TUS and found the flight crew to be friendly and helpful for the most part. The issues we had were with customer service on the ground particularly in Dallas where our missed flight did not result in any support for our troubles. They also lost our luggage but they apologized and compensated us appropriately sending a check in a very timely manner. The MD-80s they fly are fine but the fact that I flew in a plane 5 years younger than me doesn't do much for my faith in the company. American Eagle's ERJs are horrible for anyone over 5 feet tall and they feel dated. The newer 737s were nice however.
Nov 10th AA2216. AA2463 Nov 11th. Our flight from LA to SYD was QF12 on Nov 11 2014. I would like to give American Airlines a poor review on their performance and customer service we experienced on a flight to Sydney Australia in November 2014. Our flight was delayed leaving MSP partially due to weather but really because they left us sitting on the plane while they delayed the de-icing and then took 45 minutes to do something the pilot said usually takes 15 minutes. We missed our connecting flight in DFW that was to take us to Sydney and the ticket attendants there absolutely refused to re-route us onto several flights that could have taken us to LAX to connect to a flight to SYD that same night. They instead put us on a flight the next day that would re-route us through LAX and on to SYD making us lose an entire day in Australia. The ticket attendants were rude and inconsiderate. I have never had such poor customer service in all my years of flying. DFW said it is a policy not to allow someone on a flight through stand-by if their end destination is international. American Airlines said each airport has their own policy on that and it is not a standard AA policy. There were several flights that went from DFW to LAX that evening and they allowed over 30 people to board those planes on stand-by but would not allow us to.
JFK-SFO-LAX-LAS-JFK with American Airlines were the worst four flights of my life! Ground staff and cabin crew were rude and inefficient. The cabin and seats were very old and worn out. Not a single crew member on any four of the flights I took even bothered to say hello or welcome or even smile. Obviously we had to purchase snacks onboard because AA does not offer food. The snack options were very limited and if you were seated at the very back of the economy cabin you will never be guaranteed whether you will get the snacks you wanted to buy because they only stock few onboard and they get sold out half way through. Even during the selling of snacks and drinks the cabin crew looked very displeased that they had to do it. The cabin crew were extremely badly groomed. The economy seat had hardly any legroom. If you are a tall person you will have a hard time moving in your seat because it is so small with no legroom. We even bought extra legroom seats and still there was not enough legroom. All four flights were delayed and took off hours late. We were boarded late and then had to sit in the aircraft for at least 1 to 2 hours before take off. As a result our plans had to be cancelled and changed. I will never fly with AA again.
I have never seen anything like I saw today at MIA. We arrived an hour and a half before my son's domestic flight and could not believe the chaos at American's ticket counters. There were long lines at every kiosk and even longer lines at the checked bag line. After finally checking in at a kiosk my son could not print his boarding pass because the machine had run out of paper. I had been standing in the checked bag line and when we approached the employee and explained that we had a luggage tag but the boarding pass had not printed she directed us to another line that had easily more than 60 people! I then approached another American Airlines employee and asked for assistance and she was incredibly rude and offered no help. Fortunately we were able to get my son's boarding pass on the phone. Despite a ridiculous security check-in line he was able to board his flight on time. A friend of his that was on the same flight had to forcefully argue with other employees to get on the flight because they said they had closed the gate and would not let him board even though he was checked in!
Last January 13th I took my flight back from Madrid Spain to JFK AA 095 we started our flight two hours late not being informed about time or anything similar we were not allowed to leave the area inside the airport where our plane was and if we wanted they said that they would open our carry-on bags totally. We boarded and when we were boarding they informed us that we had a stop in Goose bay Canada to have gas otherwise we would not be able to get to New York the stop was 1h 30m long. We arrive in JFK so late that almost everybody lost their connection. However we were given new connections once we got out of the plane. But they did not give us any voucher or anything in compensation for this horrible flight. I would try not to fly American Airlines again.
Flight Miami to LHR 13/01. Technically the flight was good early arrival very soft touchdown and excellent information from flight deck. However the cabin service left a lot to be desired. The crew were very unhelpful and the food poor by the standards of comparable airlines. Our return trip to the UK (operated by AA) was far inferior to our outward trip to Boston operated by BA. Given the choice at a comparable price level I would not fly with AA again.
Itinerary: Chicago - Miami - Campinas Brasil. Flight from MIA to VRP was canceled because the AA crew did not show up. Service crew for the make-up flight were very nice and accommodating but the AA staff at MIA were not very friendly at all and we had to search for them after seeing our flight was canceled. On all legs the planes were AA and not very clean at all. Overall I lost a couple days traveling and when I arrived I felt dirtier than when I have flown better international carriers not to mention no personalized inflight entertainment or WiFi. Two thumbs down for international AA.
I recently flew from Brazil to Los Angeles on American Airlines and it was the longest most uncomfortable international flight I have ever been on. In addition to the dirty looking and old interior the broken flush button on the toilet and the only semi-functioning "entertainment" device the staff were rude and had horrible attitudes. One flight attendant actually rolled her eyes at me when I asked for headphones. Her response was "Don't you have an iPod or something that you have headphones for". When I said no she rolled her eyes and said she would see if they had any but everyone brings their own headphones now. The food was horrible as well. It was the most unpleasant flying experience I have ever had. I will avoid flying American Airlines at all costs in the future.
New York to San Francisco 20 Dec 2014 AA179. San Francisco to Los Angeles 25 Dec 2014 AA2378. Los Angeles to Las Vegas 30 Dec 2014 AA182. Las Vegas to New York 4 Jan 2015 AA120. My partner and I were extremely disappointed with everything. All 4 flights were delayed not by few minutes but by hours. Later the staff would board all passengers on to the aircraft and in all the flights we would just sit on the tarmac for hours. Usually when you board the plane the CSD or the purser of the flight would greet you with a friendly smile and say welcome aboard or good morning etc. But in all the flights with AA they could not care less about passengers. Flight attendants were too busy talking to each other or. The grooming of the flight attendants was atrocious! Above all the flight attendants on all 4 flights were very rude and arrogant. They don't even bother to look or smile or talk politely with the passengers when they are boarding the flight. The seats in economy was so uncomfortable with minimal leg room. There is no comfort. It is okay for short flights but not very good for long flights like New York to San Francisco or Las Vegas to New York. We paid extra for extra legroom economy seats. Well AA should learn what extra legroom means. There was no extra legroom. The seats are terrible for tall people. I will never recommend AA.
I just flew on a Milan-Miami route with AA and thought the interior was extremely run down and dirty. No personal TV's poor choice of 2 films for a 10 hour flight cheap headsets dirty and broken toilets and disgusting food. My kids flew over thanksgiving one from Dallas to Madrid and another from JFK to Milan and the plane conditions were the same. Will never fly again AA on International flights!
NRT/ORD 777-300 I hesitated booking F/class on AA even with award travel because of their flight attendants' general culture of hostility towards passengers but I reasoned I'd be asleep for much of the flight. We sat on the tarmac for 45 minutes before taking off. When returning to my seat from the lavatory after we'd finally reached cruising altitude a flight attendant looked at me coldly and barked "Put your seat belt on!". There was some turbulence but this was not the way to handle it. The purser was friendly and efficient but he referred to my husband as "Mr.---- " and called me "Dear". The new seats were very comfortable though and I liked that my husband and I could spin the seats to face each other while dining (although the food was surprisingly bad). I slept well on the comfortable flat bed. If the food and service were comparable to the seat it would have been a great flight. Until then I'll continue to book transpacific premium travel on Asian carriers.
I dread flying with American Airlines but with their association with British Airways (Who are fantastic) I have to for internal American Flights. Last flight was from Boston to New York with an onward BA connection to London. Arrived at Boston airport for check in very rude AA check in attendant who was unhelpful and just plain miserable. Onwards to the departure gate screens indicated a 25 minute delay. Was not too concerned as had around 4 hours to connect onto BA flight once landed in JFK. We then spent 2.5 hours waiting at the gate with hardly any communication from AA staff apart from "Its a weather delay" turns out it was due to a faulty aircraft door. Anyway the four hour connection time was fast approaching and people were starting to become annoyed and very irritated. Finally ushered onto the aircraft at speed as we only had a window of 25 minutes to board and be airborne if not flight would be cancelled as the crew would be out of hours. We boarded the aircraft and took off with around 4 minutes to spare. Seatbelt signs stayed on for the whole flight and apparently due to adverse weather the crew would also remain seated so no food or drinks would be served. I have honestly never been on an AA flight whereby the crew are smiling happy to serve you and are actually grateful for you flying with them and I have taken around 8 AA flights including across the pond the attitude at times is appalling. On the same holiday I was on a delayed Delta flight from Atlanta to Boston and the difference between staff was unbelievable was even given a free beer and sincere apology for the delay and more importantly was kept informed and the crew were cheerful and happy. AA manners cost nothing!
I am a long time traveler and loyal to American Airlines however whoever designed these "new" planes must have been 2 feet tall. The design is terrible. I am a slim 5'10" and sat in a "premium" economy seat from Washington DC/LA on a nearly 6 hour flight. I sat next to two other tall people making it even more unpleasant. I will start with the good American has finally come into the 21st century and provides individual screens for in flight entertainment but still not nearly as good as Virgin America which also offers many free viewing options TV etc. Chargers USB are improved as well. Now the bad - the leg room and more so the seat/tray table configuration (even in premium) is appalling and even worse if the person in front of you reclines their seat which is highly likely. In my case they did and my drink ended up in my lap. If the seat in front is reclined you are pretty much trapped. The head rest "wings" that allow you to rest your head from side to side are so small anyone with a normal size head could not possibly use. They are ridiculous. The seat pocket basically holds nothing forget stocking up on magazines and books for your long flight as you will be carrying them in your lap or chucking them on the floor. Though it's nice to fly in a nicer and newer plane it is just shocking that no consideration was given to traveler comfort on these new planes especially if you are a over 5'2". Not sure how the American or Boeing CEOs didn't catch this. They must have only tested out first class or they are all really short!
Dec 10 & 15 Economy flights - DCA to LAX & back. To LAX we were forced to sit row 11 even after we reserved "main cabin upgrade". Crew member informed us that the aircraft was switched. Then on the way back from LAX to DCA Dec 15 after paying extra for the upgrade ($81 for my husband's 11D & $78 for my 11E - Boarding Group 1 already included) I had to pay on top of that $15 each for Group 1 boarding - the website just did not allow me to proceed with on-line check in! Our multiple calls to Customer Service/their response were really unacceptable! E- mailed the AA Senior Leadership no courtesy response at all. Never again.
January 1st Denver to Dallas Dallas to Wichita Falls. 5 hour delay in Dallas then canceled our flight. Told us no flights until Sunday/Monday refused to pay for food hotel rental and wouldn't give us our luggage. Ended up paying for my own hotel and splitting a rental with 3 other passengers. Luggage still in Dallas with no eta to get to me. 3 different calls to make a claim on luggage all three have said different information messed up my address each time and can't tell me why it wasn't delivered on next flight. Zero customer service. I will never fly AA again. I'll drive to Dallas and pay 3x as much to park my car to fly with anyone else.
On flight from Austin TX to Manchester UK on 12/21/14 - paid for the additional leg room which could be better but was ok however the seats are the most uncomfortable seats ever. The more leg room you get the narrower the seat gets! 8 hrs in a cramped seat is ridiculous. My husband and I had seats 15a & b and left the armrest up between us to give us room for our arms the passenger in seat c I am thankful to say did the same thing. Seriously removing rows of seats to gain additional leg room is one thing but reducing seat widths to cram in more seats is in my opinion the most ridiculous idea they ever had. The staff were not the best and a little on the rude side. I have flown AA every time I had flown to the UK but I am considering a different airline for future trips due to the seats mainly. The captain did a great job - the entire flight was smooth.
I had to book a flight from Orlando to Manchester UK the day after Christmas for a family emergency so naturally looked for the most affordable flight which by a few dollars was AA also taking into account flight times. I have flown this route with many other airlines in the past and AA was by far my worst experience. Flight left 40 mins late but did make up the time with a tail wind so we arrived on time. Some of the cabin crew were downright surly others were very pleasant. As I can't sleep on planes I rely on watching movies to pass the time but with no in-seat screens there was nothing to watch. I will never fly AA again even if it saves me money.
Flight AA900 EZE-MIA I traveled with my husband and we had window and alley seats but they are so very uncomfortable the leg space is almost non existent. The arm rests are very weird because that is where the entertainment control is so you put your arm on the control and it sets of constantly.
My family and I traveled down from Chicago O'Hare (ORD) to Los Cabos (SJD) and back for winter break. The first flight was not good. The seats were uncomfortable and the IFE (even though it was the ceiling types) were not working. All they gave was drinks and food was way over priced. This made a 4 hour flight seem like a 9 hour flight. There were no delays or problems with check-in. On the way back we were delayed a day but that was our choice. The same plane on the way back had a faulty fuel pump and could not be fixed at Cabo. So if they were to fly the aircraft was way overweight. The pilot announced that 20 people had to leave the aircraft or everyone could fly but only 40 baggage could be kept onboard. The flight was full so that would leave at least 200 people stranded in ORD. My family had no intention to fly a 4 hour flight with a faulty fuel pump so we exited the aircraft. Plus who wouldn't want an extra day in a tropical place? American Airlines gave us one night at an all- inclusive resort on the ocean with free transportation to and from the resort. They had also booked us for the flight the next day. That was the good part. The next day the gate was crowded because they were trying to board two flights at one gate. It was a total disaster. We were delayed about 1 hour but managed to get to ORD ahead of schedule.
American Airlines seriously needs to reconsider its business plan of overbooking every single flight on one day and how that affects passengers trying to make connections when one flight is late. They also need to train their employees to treat passengers with respect and provide more telephone customer service options that don't leave you waiting 45-51 minutes. My flight was 90 minutes late out of Miami and I therefore missed my connection to San Francisco and apparently every other flight was overbooked for the next 24 hours which is completely insane.
Flight 3314 supposed to depart 845pm. Six gate changes rude staff. An hour and counting delay while we wait for catering truck. I hate flying American. Will use it only as last resort now.
Supposed to leave Miami to Milan at 14.30 but delayed twice. In the end we left with 4 hours of delays. The plane was an old fashioned 767-300 seats were small and dirty. Entertainment was overhead screens far from our seats. A real nightmare.
Flew First Class from Buenos Aires - Dallas/Ft Worth on a 777-200. The seats while dated are roomy with lots of leg room and storage space. Boarding was quick although the agents and gate security at EZE leave a bit to be desired. Our flight attendants were ok nothing remarkable. Food was filling and of fair quality. The seat is lie- angled and not super comfortable but comfy enough to relax and watch the dated IFE. I can't complain about sitting in First Class on this 11 hour flight but the whole experience was just mediocre.
AA63 CDG to MIA AA931 MIA to EZE AA990 GIG to MIA AA62 MIA to CDG. Worst cabin service unimaginable seats still using the ancient TV screens on ceiling on Trans Atlantic and South American flights! Imagine looking at a small screen on top of the ceiling during a 10 hour flight. They only screen 1 movie on the entire flight.
Flight from Miami to Phoenix flight 303. First class was a major disappointment from old plane to slowest service ever no pre-flight drinks and then waited over 1 hour before a beverage was served. Sorry to say the New American feels like to old AA famous for poor service. Loyal US Air at least they tried and had a sense of urgency.
Round-trip from Miami to CDG Paris. Cabin seats with little to no leg space and I'm not a large person. I passed on the food on the return trip as the chicken dish on the trip from Miami to Paris was lukewarm and horrible. In recent years I have seen fares on the international flights rise rapidly and in my opinion they have done little to justify the price increase. In the future I will look for another airline.
Flew business SJU-JFK-LHR. SJU-JFK leg on old 757 with no individual video screens and pretty tired cabin. Food was virtually inedible. Admirals Club lounge at JFK OK but I resent having to pay for a packet of crisps when I've paid thousands for a ticket. JFK-LHR was much better: new 777 with really comfy flat bed and amazing noise cancelling headphones. Food was still awful (but food is generally dreadful in the USA anyway so to be expected. Flight slightly late but overall pretty good - particularly like the fact I wasn't woken up until 25 minutes before landing.
I had about a 10 hr non stop flight from Paris to New York. There was no in seat TV. Only 2-3 TVs in the aisle and they asked for $5 each for headphones to listen to the movies they were playing of their choice. All the flight attendants were rude. I needed a blanket but they denied this. Overall it was a lesson for me to avoid American Airlines flights wherever possible.
Flying from O'Hare to DC - rude attendant who let several passengers on board with 2 bags some larger than my single carry-on. I had to stow my bag because I had a shopping bag. When I offered to collapse the bag and place it under the seat I was told that I could not carry both onto the plane. Once we boarded the plane we were kept on the ground for 3 hours without water and/or food for those of us unlucky enough to not have brought our own on board. When I asked an attendant if I could have a bottle of water I was told that no service could be provided and to be patient that we would be departing soon (this was about two hours before our flight took off). When the flight eventually took off we were offered options for snacks when I requested my option I was told that they had run out. Why offer an option at all? When the drink cart eventually made its way to me I asked for a coke and was given 1/2 a coke served for me in a cup. When I asked for a second one I was told that they had limited quantities. Outdated plane with the tv screens down the middle row. Horrible service - rude check-in attendants and complete incompetence from the entire crew. I will not fly American Airlines again.
Four hour fog delay from Midland to DFW. Sat on the Tarmac for a half hour to get to a gate at DFW. Then waited 45 min. on someone to open the door. Return flight was at 6.10pm - delay after delay and finally canceled at 9pm due to weather. Kicker is an AA flight left the same terminal an hour later for Midland. We couldn't schedule another flight to Midland until two days later. Agents were the rudest most disrespectful and uncaring people you would ever want to run across. If you ever desire to travel with AA don't.
Flight from Chicago to Paris on Thurs (12/5/14) was nothing but miserable. AA brought two planes to the gate when neither could pass safety inspection. The big question is why the planes made it to the gate in the first place. Passengers were then told that another plane had been found (another gate) but it needed to be inspected cleaned and finally loaded - they did provide soda and pretzels during the 3.5+ hour wait (big deal). We finally boarded a not-too-clean plane (I found trash in the seat pocket) and it was cold for the entire trip. We saw the staff twice - once to serve what they call dinner and once when they served a cold breakfast. The trip was just plain awful and makes me want to give up travel by air altogether. One bright spot that has nothing to do with AA - it was a SMOOTH flight and we made it in record time due to a good tail wind.
Scheduled to leave from Sacramento CA at 8am on 11/24/14. I got an automated call Sunday evening at around 11.30pm stating that my flight out of Sacramento would be delayed until 9:37AM. I was fine with this - I realize delays happen. I still arrived at the airport as if my flight were to leave at it's original 8am departure just in case. When I arrived at the American Airlines counter the women working there proceeded to tell me that because of this delay there would be no way for me to make my connection in Dallas to Montgomery. She made me feel confident that I would indeed miss my connection in Dallas. She said she had changed my flight connection in Dallas to an 9pm departure instead of the original 3.15pm flight out to Montgomery. I wasn't thrilled that I would be arriving much later but it would work. The flight from Sacramento arrived in Dallas at 2:45PM. I had thirty minutes to make my original flight. I made it with a couple minutes to spare. The women at the counter looked up my name and said I could no longer get onto this flight because my flight itinerary had been changed. I then was stuck in Dallas Airport for over 6 hours. AA staff I had talked to about my situation had any sympathy for the situation which made me even more angry. It was nothing but a speed bump into their work day. I would never recommend flying with American Airlines.
Manchester to New York. Their standards are poor even from arriving at the boarding gate - why split passengers into groups and then not pay attention to how those groups board the plane? Surely after business class and those with priority shouldn't the next set of passengers to board the plane be those at the rear. That process would help to ensure the plane left on time rather than almost 20 minutes late. Their fleet is old-fashioned with screens down the centre aisle which cannot be viewed from certain seats. The seats were uncomfortable - 8 hours spent in one of those is not a pleasant experience. We gained the impression that the crew and their requirements over-rode passenger considerations - clearing away too quickly before passengers had time to finish the poor quality meals having to be quiet whilst in the vicinity of sleeping staff and very few drinks/snacks being offered is not what long haul flights should be about. Even the crew's uniform was shabby.
Terrible service for the money that you pay. We flew from Manchester to New York direct the inbound flight took 9 hours seats where uncomfortable they only had televisions in the aisle - no PTV and no headphones provided. Served food half an hour into the flight then left for 7 hours without anybody asking us if we needed a drink - received a smaller snack 40 mins before landing which made you feel you had to rush as they where already standing waiting for the rubbish before you had finished. The staff were unfriendly and rude. The flight home was exactly the same and to get a drink you had to walk to the back of the plane and ask yourself with more than one occasion being told they had ran out.
Nov 22 AA 1520 El Salvador to Miami. AA 2487 Miami to Orlando. Will never use this airline again. Connecting flights at Miami are the worst specially international flights. They schedule connecting flights within an hour and a half apart yet they land every international flight at terminal D in Miami 5-10 mins apart. On top of all this their outbound flights are late and incoming planes have to wait to have a new gate. What is the issue with this immigration and customs are 1 hour behind making it difficult to connect. You would think the airline can have someone trying to help you get through or guide you to reconnect to another flight well that is not the case. They take their time and don't care about you.
Multiple North American flights during month including ORD-AUS AUS-DFW DFW-PBI EWR-DFW DFW-YVR YVR-DFW DFW- PBI PBI-LAX. Traveling through the US and Canada during November found me on several AA flights most in first class with upgrades a few in economy. On balance the flights were ok nothing special no notable problems. Most flights were on or close to schedule service was generally better than expected. The biggest negative is AA's equipment on these routes. All B737 or MD Super 80 aircraft. Generally confining for mid-long haul domestic and the S80s are just so old it is a wonder that AA still uses them as much as they do - not a very passenger friendly aircraft.
What began as a simple flight from San Jose CA to New York NY (JFK) connecting at LAX has resulted in frustration and anger. Upon arriving at San Jose international airport with two hours to spare my fiancé and I each checked a bag. Our flight was projected to leave at 2.45pm PST and read 'On Time' on the departures kiosk. Without any announcement or updates our flight arrived late had to be refuelled and in turn was 30 minutes delayed. We missed our connection at LAX by five minutes and after spending far too much time in the customer service office were rebooked on a 9.30 Delta flight to JFK. Told there was no need to check-in all we would have to do is go to the gate and speak to the representative at the counter. An hour before our flight we walk to the appropriate gate only to be told that while we were listed as passengers there were no seats for us and that American should have booked seats on our behalf. We returned to the customer service office spending an hour waiting in line. An American Airlines rep took us from counter to counter trying to find us two seats on any plane. The only availability was on a place via Nashville to LaGuardia with an hour layover. As we were boarding we were pulled off the plane because he had found us a direct flight to JFK which would make finding our bags that much better. Finally arriving in JFK at 7.15 am our bags were nowhere to be found.
Based upon our experience of American Airlines' flights from the USA to the UK several years ago and to reduce the effects of jet-lag my wife and I decided to take the daytime flight AA90 which departs Chicago (ORD) at 09.05 and arrives in London (LHR) at 22.45. In retrospect this was a mistake. The Chicago Admiral's Club lounge was most disappointing. Surprisingly no food (unless you paid for it) was available except a few sad-looking bagels and muffins. So we were hungry when the flight took off. We were seated in seats 2A & 2B (the first row on the B767-300ER aircraft) and the seats were comfortable enough with good leg room. However the aircraft was certainly showing its age. In business class (there is no first class on this flight) there are no seat-back screens and the passengers are given small tablets and Bose headphones on which to watch movies. The movie/music selection was poor and was nothing to get excited about. The food that we were served (breakfast and a pre- landing "snack") was probably the worst airline food we have ever experienced. It was virtually inedible and it compared extremely unfavourably with the food that we were served in British Airways business class on our flight to the USA three weeks earlier. Furthermore the cabin attendants were virtually invisible. On the eight-hour flight I was never once offered tea or coffee - all I was given was a bottle of water to drink. Two hours before the flight landed in London I had to find a flight attendant and ask for a Bacardi and Coke - no flight attendant ever asked me if I would like something to drink. Unlike British Airways business class on our American Airlines flight we could see no sign of a basket in the kitchen area containing anything to snack on (like bars and sweets). American Airlines do you think that this is acceptable? Just what are business class passengers paying several thousand dollars/pounds over the economy fare for? (You do not arrive any earlier than the people sitting in the back). The food and service we experienced on our flight from ORD to LHR were completely unacceptable and based on our recent experience fear that it will be a very long time before we fly on American Airlines in business class again.
My wife and I flew from San Jose (SJC) to Chicago (ORD) on AA1530 in first class. San Jose is certainly a very pleasant little airport but unfortunately there is no American Airlines Admiral's Club room for first and business passengers. Our seats on the aircraft (3A & 3B - the first row of seats on the B737-800) were fairly comfortable and there was enough leg room. We had pre-ordered our meal on-line and it was described as miso chicken. Our meals although nicely served were of very poor quality so much so that my wife refused to eat any more after the first few mouthfuls. The flight attendant who looked after us was pleasant. courteous and helpful. But the three-hour flight as far as we were concerned was spoilt by food of very poor quality - not what you expect when you are travelling first class.
DFW to LHR on new 777-300. Although American has updated their fleet and now have a business class seat that competes with most European carriers they really need to improve the service standard and the selection of their cabin personnel. Flight attendants were in a hurry to finish service and rude the quality of food just average and the presentation and amenities nothing remarkable. There was not the feeling of being in Business class on this flight.
I flew American for the first time today and will never fly with them again. My entire experience was horrible. My flight was delayed for 2 hours causing me to miss my connecting flight. So in addition to having already spent my whole morning in an airport I had to have my second flight rescheduled which cost me an additional 2 hours of wait time. Then my second flight is delayed 30 minutes because according to the pilot they hadn't removed the Jetway tunnel. Finally I arrive at my destination only to be informed that my luggage ended up on a different flight from mine and that I would have to wait an additional hour and a half before that flight arrived. Never using them again.
Manchester to Florida via Chicago. I had no real issue with the internal flights to Chicago but have a number of issues with the long haul flight to Chicago. The seats were in no way suitable very little leg room and I can imagine that it was very awkward if you didn't know the person sitting either side of you. The food wasn't too bad on the way out but if you suffered any dietary requirements it was tough. The flight ran out of certain drinks outbound and on the return journey. On the return journey we were sat at the back and we had to settle for what was left food wise as they'd run out of one of the options. The majority of the attendants were either rude sarcastic and had obviously missed the training session on customer service. Inflight entertainment was poor AA seem to be stuck in the dark ages with one tiny screen for every few seats. Overall I was very disappointed with the service which made a long flight seem even longer. I've definitely been spoilt with Virgin Atlantic who I will be using from now on.
We always travel First class where available as we appreciate the extra details. We booked our family vacation first class from LAX to Maui on AA after a four day stop over in Disneyland. We had an early morning ride to the airport from Disneyland and check in went smoothly. The agent directed us to priority screening and The Admiral Lounge to relax in while waiting for our flight. Once we got to the lounge they tried to charge us $50 per person for lounge access. Normally with a first class ticket lounge access is part of that cost on all the other airlines we travel with. Not with American Airlines. They just chipped away at customer value by that one action for our family and I would recommend not using them if possible.
Flew New York to Las Vegas - October 22nd flight #45. I´m really surprised that American is not considered Low Cost. First you must do your own check in and pay $25 for your first luggage. Second you have to paid extra if you want a comfortable seat. I paid $59 to stretch my legs and I choose the first row after business class. There was a division panel so in fact there wasn't much room. Third in 5 hours flight only 1 complimentary drink and if you want food have to pay for it. Fourth They promote the internet onboard but this is not free $4 for email and more if you want to surf the net. The flight boarded with 1 hour and half delay due to a problem with a luggage compartment door. Seated onboard for another hour and then half an hour waiting for our turn to take off after leaving the gate.
LHR-ORD return I have come to the conclusion that AA are probably the worst Airline I have flown with. First of all the planes wouldn't look out of place in a museum I haven't seen such an antiquated IFE system since the 1990's - suspended CRT monitors and they have the gall to charge nearly $6 a head for headphones. The food is awful with no choice to speak of - breakfast on both flights was a choice between omelette or scrambled egg since my daughter will not eat egg dishes on the outbound flight we asked if they could provide an alternative were curtly told we should have ordered a special diet meal. On the return flight we upset the crew by taking my daughters breakfast on board with us. The final meal - no choice just pizza. On both flights it was served so late that no sooner had we opened our cutlery than we were begin badgered by give up our trays as the crew needed to prepare for landing. During the outbound flight having slept for four hours and with no response to the call button I walked back to the galley to request a drink for myself and my family only to be told "You have run us all ragged on this flight so we have closed up the galley and are resting so you'll have to wait for the meal".
San Diego to Miami - seating was so tight I couldn't read a magazine when the seat in front of me reclined. Extra charges for everything. A truly horrible experience but it was non-stop and they were punctual.
Never again. We booked to travel from Manchester to Orlando. The aircraft in both directions was old cramped and uncomfortable. The temperature of the cabin was inconsistent. The entertainment was rubbish no seat back TVs which have always been a standard for all international flights that we have travelled on. The aisle TVs could not be seen from window seats which was pointless and dark sections of the movie could not be seen at all. Food was terrible my salad arrived uncovered and food was average. Ground crew were frantically trying to get people to give up seats flight was overbooked with many families not sitting together and children split from their parents on the flight! AA was not much cheaper than my other flight options. Avoid travelling with them!
My husband and I have just flown with AA from LHR to MIA and back and was very disappointed at the poor service and the rude and off hand attitude of the cabin staff in economy. As former Cabin crew myself I was astonished at the poor and lack of service on board. On the outbound flight there was no service for over 2.5 hrs as turbulence was expected. There was no attempt at any service during this time and the meal and drink were almost flung at us. I don't recall being offered a hot drink! No more service until the snack service which was an undercooked pizza. Pretty basic for a 9 hr day flight the return flight was no better. No drinks were served with breakfast as more turbulence was expected! There was no turbulence - in my opinion the crew didn't leave themselves enough time to carry out a full service. Considering the cost of the flight and the other ways airlines have of extracting money from pax such as priority boarding and choosing seats etc I expected better service and at least some courtesy! We felt that the service we received was unsatisfactory. I will not be recommending American Airlines after our disappointing experience.
AA is an embarrassment to US hospitality and service. I frequently fly business class transatlantic - have you tried to get past a neighbor who is lying flat to reach the aisle? It's almost impossible as the seats are so badly positioned and designed. And what about the Business lounge H at Heathrow the food available and decor are awful compared to any other major world airline - yes including some US competitors. Finally I am tired of the grumpy geriatric flight attendants that seem to dominate the ranks. All US airlines have lost ground compared to their European peers but AA is down at the bottom of the pile.
Awful experience. The cabin crew are amongst the rudest least helpful people you are likely to come across in life. I was travelling with two small children 2years and 8months. Having spent the majority of the flight on my feet rocking my 8mth old to sleep she finally fell asleep. Breakfast arrived unfortunately I knocked the tray onto the floor. The member of cabin crew stepped over it ignoring it. When I apologised and asked for help to pick it up he curtly said he would get it later. The breakfast was strewn all over the floor in front of the toilet. I had a sleeping baby in my arms. When another passenger woke up half an hour later my fellow passenger was kind enough to pick the items up.
My wife and I travelled overnight to Rome on AA on Oct. 1 from JFK. It was very disappointing. There were no in seat videos on the Boeing 767. The overhead screens continued to play movies until just before landing which prevented me form sleeping. The economy section food was uninspiring to say the least with stale dinner rolls and a wedge of cheese for dessert. This is our last international trip on AA.
This was my first and last time with American Airlines. Booked with British Airways from Dublin to Orlando. Flight out was fine as it was with BA but return was with AA - as they are partners of BA I thought the service would be the same. How wrong I was - flight was 2.5 hours delayed which meant we missed our flight from Dublin to Glasgow. I had to pay £190 to rebook flights. We were only allowed 1 checked bag each but with BA we were allowed 2 each. The stewardesses only came round once with drinks service and you had to pay for spirits. Plane seemed old. No inflight entertainment system in the back of seat instead TVs that came down where everyone had to watch the same film. No leg room at all. Very narrow seats that were extremely uncomfortable. I never complain about anything and when I read the reviews before our flight I thought they were exaggerated but honestly it's the worst flight I have ever been on and I wouldn't fly with them again even if it was free.
I flew from CDG to JFK on October 14th. It was the cheapest direct flight which was quite punctual. So the basis is 100% fulfilled. But the overhead compartment opened during take off and things fell down. It reopened during landing. When I left the plane I said it to the steward he did not ask me where it was located. Just something common. In addition to this half of the flight was in the dark because of an electric malfunction that prevented us calling for assistance. That is the visible part of the aircraft for the passenger. To fly in an old plane ok but it has to be nicely maintained.
Always delays even when the plane is the first one out in the morning. Frequently when there are going to be weather delays the airline won't cancel so you can make alternative arrangement until you have sat all day waiting. I fly frequently and American always has some excuse for why they can't help their delays. Sick of this airline.
I was flying from Miami - Sao Paulo on AA929 on the 10th July 2014 on a 772ER in First. Having arrived from LAX 2 hours prior I was absolutely exhausted and was hoping to get some sleep on this leg. Boarding was smooth and the flight took off on time once the aircraft had reached cruising altitude and the seat belt sign was turned off I made my way to the galley and requested one of the two FA's (both were busy discussing their personal problems rather then attending to passengers) to turn down my bed I received a shocking impertinent response from her: "So you want me to push a button for you". Disgruntled and furious I prepared the bed myself and slept for the remainder of the flight. Around an hour before landing I was poked and woken up by the same rude flight attendant. At that point I expressed my frustration and told her she was not fit for purpose and shouldn't be working customer service orientated role. American Airlines has a good product in First (for a North American airline) I managed to sleep comfortably; however their poorly trained rude staff make it an unpleasant experience. Upon completing my flight I cancelled my return with AA and subsequently purchased a new flight with TAM which has a far superior product and customer service it's a shame they're suspending their first class on all routes from early next year.
I recently flew from Chicago to Dublin Ireland on American Airlines - never again. The planes on both legs were filthy the toilets stank there was no individual IFE only shared screens on a 8.5 hour transatlantic flight the cabin crew were the rudest most unfriendly people I have ever met everybody sitting around me agreed. People had asked for blankets etc. but never got them. And to add insult to injury we were delayed 2.5 hours out of Dublin the crew didn't apologize and hit and the back so as to not have to deal with the passengers. If traveling from Chicago to Dublin I highly recommend either Aer Lingus or United. Both have good IFE their planes are clean and their staff are pleasant and accommodating. American Airlines in my opinion has gone downhill despite all their promises of improving their planes and services.
Flew with AA Flight 734 Miami to Philadelphia to connect to Manchester on 30th September. The outbound flights both with US Airways. AA refused point bank to help me book the seats for 734 when I rang the UK customer services. Both agents need a training course last one told me to arrange seats at airport. US Airways helped me with seats for my family on their 3 legs. I tried to log in to my flight the night before to book seats to together and found to my horror there were no seats together and I had no choice but to choose from the few left. Arrived at Miami and flight was showing on time. Shortly before take off it became a 30 minute delay. Many people waiting concerned as they had connections like us. Some had no boarding passes for their US airways flight as they could not print these on check in. Unhelpful lady at desk would not help meaning those without passes then had to go chasing around PHL airport to get passes printed. Flight landed 30 minutes late cue rush as the plane was packed and most had connections to make. We were lucky as our flight departed from Terminal A. Still it left no time to go to any shops or buy food and drink. For their abysmal customer service for refusing to help me but worse by far for the first time in my life having my entire family split up on a plane and having to sit with total strangers I will boycott AA. US Airways in contrast were very good and helpful. Goodbye AA they just don't seem to care anymore. Had to give 1 star for entertainment. Should be a 0 option as unless you pay you get nothing! Wifi? Oh yes pay for that as well!
October 6th 2014 MIA-STT. American Airlines is a low budget airline at best with premium airline prices. The service that American Airlines provide is on par with Spirit Airlines and Ryanair. Why pay so much to get there when someone else gets you there for less with same level of service.
I have not flown for a long time but I must say I was very disappointed. I took a trip from Tampa Florida to Boston MA and twice fights were delayed. It's a shock to me that airlines charge so much to fly and then your experience is so poor. In this day and age delays should not be happening for this amount of time. I cannot consider them again.
I took a flight from Phoenix to Miami with Nassau Bahamas my final destination. I was extremely disappointed in the first class service. On a 3.5 hour flight we were offered one glass of either wine or water and twice a snack. Granted it was a red eye flight regardless the service should have at least offered a breakfast and coffee/tea. We landed at 7.30 Miami time which is long past morning coffee. This is the second time I took this flight and won't travel it again.
Flew from Manchester to New York and it was by far the worst airline I've ever flown with. Old tired plane with aisle screens - shocking when flying international. I couldn't even listen to the film as something had broken off inside where I was meant to plug in my earphones. The flight attendants response? 'Oh I'm not sure what I can do about that.' Disgusting customer service. The so called 'entertainment' consisted of 1 film then American programmes that I've never even heard of then it was turned off altogether 2 hours before we landed! The staff were very abrupt and just looked fed up - the food was hands down the worst I've ever had on a flight.
This is the first time in about 15 years that I have flown AA. Never again! This airline doesn't care about customer service. Our flight out of DFW was delayed 4.5 hrs. Never was there an announcement. The gate changed 5 times. The flight being delayed was never addressed. DFW airport at AA is absolutely awful. While sitting for 5 hours and speaking to other passengers we found out the majority of flights were delayed for some reason or other. There were few if any gate representatives around. Nothing was explained to anyone.
Traveled with AA MIA to SFO and return. Oct 1st and 5th. 738 on the first leg. 5.5 hr min flight one beverage service offered. Return flight 757 and 2 beverage services offered. Pay extra for better cabin seats pay to check a bag and hardly a smile. Really felt like cattle and not a pleasant experience. Waited for one hour to receive bags on the return arrival in Miami. It is truly a shame to see the deterioration of service in the industry and the total lack of customer care.
Over crowded flight. They actually overbooked. Had 2 hour delay and another hour delay on the connecting flight. Had to literally run to the connecting gate due to such a late arrival the gates were very far apart. Plane was filthy. I don't think they clean them ever. Seats are small and uncomfortable. Can't even fully open the tray tables. I'm not a large person and I was unable to do it so I'm sure large people can't use them at all. However they do have tablets built into the seats but you can't do much on them unless you pay a high fee. Will not fly with American Airline again.
My Wife and I flew 28th Sept Vancouver to DFW to Orlando Business/First. Breakfast omelette cold sent back asked for a second warm scone instead! We were not the only pax to send the cold omelettes back. Admiral Club in DFW refused us entry. Never refused entry into Airline lounges before showing First/Business class tickets? My Priority Pas came to the rescue allowing me entry into a different lounge at DFW. The staff seemed very disinterested in what was going on and this includes a non existent cabin check prior to landing at Orlando. Will never waste my Dollars on First/Business on American domestic flights in the future. Nearly forgot - had to pay for wi-fi!
Original flight was from LGA to DFW. After flying in circles in the air for half an hour we finally re-routed to land in Little Rock Arkansas. We sat on the runway in the plane for at least two hours with no offerings of good or water even after the 4 hour flight. I understand completely this is weather related and only looking out for our safety however this was not handled well at all. When asking the stewardess for water- it's like it was a huge inconvenience. We finally deboard the plane in Arkansas and were told to wait around to see if the flight is officially cancelled - an hour later it was. Hotel rooms were not offered to be paid for not even a meal or anything at all. Everyone paid out of pocket and waited to de board the next morning. Back at the airport at 6am and we were told to use our old boarding passes and go directly to security- they refused us and made is wait back in the long American Airlines line to get a new boarding pass. My final destination was Austin which was also cancelled. They put me on a flight to Houston in first class which was unexpected. However I decided to just rent a car and drive to Austin from Dallas but I was told that there was no possible way to get my bag because it was listed as priority to Houston. Well our flight from Arkansas to Dallas was delayed an hour then the flight from Dallas to Houston was delayed another hour. First class wasn't anything special honestly more leg room and drinks served in glass instead of plastic. Finally arrive in Houston waiting at baggage claim and guess what - my bag isn't there. I was told it was on the next flight coming in from Dallas which infuriated me after I wanted to originally take my bag in Dallas as it was. Waited around the airport for another hour or so and finally get my bag with a big orange sticker on it saying "priority". Yeah right. Never will fly American again.
JFK-LAX First class. Good but not overwhelming as it should be. Seat on A321 is good but has some problems very hard to get out or in while even partly reclined. Food was mediocre in quality although presented nicely. Flight crew was wonderful but honestly the whole experience is either over priced or under done. Jet Blue Mint on my outbound was much better.
Last night I flew from O'Hare to Dublin Ireland with American Airlines. I am a seasoned transatlantic traveler and have flown all airlines from North American to either Shannon or Dublin Ireland. On boarding the 767-200 aircraft I was astonished that there was no AVOD on the place only the large overhead screens which went out 15 years ago. Everybody sitting around me was annoyed as we all had to watch the same movies for the 7.5 hour flight. It is probably going to be the same on the 8.5 return flight - never again American Airlines.
Recently flew DUB-ORD - 22 year old 767 ORD-LAX-SFO 737's SFO-LAX-LHR 737 and new 777. Apart from the fact that I got there and back safely I must say what a disappointment the airline is in terms of inflight entertainment comfort staff and food/drinks. I fly regularly from the UK mainly East on EU/Asian airlines or within Europe and I now realise how spoilt we are here. When comparing AA to QR EK etc they just do not compare in any regard. The old 767 aircraft in a very tired state still had analogue buttons for their armrest music entertainment system and huge drop down crt displays. Food was awful and very poor quality on takeoff. The pre-landing snack a deep dish pizza was much better albeit on the greasy side. Domestic US services were on 737's - one with the new sky interior and 2 older interiors. All perfectly fine to get me from point A to B. Plenty of rather expensive food purchase options in the terminals and ability to bring food on board was good. I did not think much of the in- flight food menu for purchase - limited choice and not great quality it would seem. Nice touch for in-flight wi-fi although I didn't use it. The biggest disappointment and a real embarrassment was the supposed 'flagship American service' from LAX-LHR. Super cramped seating in 10 abreast layout in economy meant no elbow room whatsoever. Very poor in-flight entertainment system - hard to navigate difficult to find music titles plus generally limited selection. The catering was shockingly poor for dinner a chicken dish which was flavourless and served with a salad with grated cheese and dressing some crackers with cheese spread a biscuit for dessert and a cold and chewy roll. Breakfast was similarly disappointing and consisted of a yoghurt orange juice and a horrible leathery croissant served with jam and butter. A continental breakfast on a service between the states and the UK? Where is the sausage and eggs? Even Qatar give the above and a hot dish as their breakfast in better quality. The embarrassment really comes with the announcement at the start of the flight where we are introduced and welcomed to their 'flagship' service. It is laughable. On a plus note the drinks service was perfect. Crew were very hit and miss on all sectors. 767 is way above the 777 in terms of comfort and space. I would much rather have 9 abreast in a 777 or a 22 year old 767 then this flagship 777. Good USB/power options though - that's probably the only thing that they got right on AA136. I would go out of my way to avoid AA in future unless price is the only factor.
Manchester to Las Vegas via Chicago. I currently live in Dubai and travel quite frequently using Emirates so I have probably been spoilt. The planes we flew on with American from the outside looked very modern however once we boarded things were very different. The interiors were outdated and looked like they had been in use since the 70's the interior was dull and the seats were like something out of a scrap yard mine was actually broken from were the trolleys had banged into it coming down the aisles. None of the economy seats had single televisions which I just could not believe for a long haul flight! Only business class are given portable tablets to watch the entertainment. The food was very poor and tasteless and the flight crew were bickering between themselves from take off to landing. I was extremely disappointed with this airline and I have vowed never to fly with them again please be warned as we spent a lot of money on this holiday only to be left disappointed by this carrier.
Travelled last week from Vancouver to Lima via Dallas on a paid business class fare. Entire experience was a huge disappointment the flight crews were indifferent seats were uncomfortable especially in the 757's from DFW to Lima. Did not get my pre ordered meal on the Lima - DFW return. As a business class passenger the Admirals Club at DFW was underwhelming. Had to pay for water. Will travel any other airline unless there is no other option. What a horrible product.
I flew with American Airline from CDG to NYC and was outraged by the aircraft used a 757 with a very uncomfortable Biz Class old seats and basically an outdated aircraft. The inflight service was just OK and it is far from the standards used by American when flying to Asia. On the return trip it was a 767 and the experience was as awful as the way in. There is no comparable Biz Class in any Major European airlines American should rethink their product and services approach on these routes. Pathetic!
Fight #1636 from Miami to Washington DC on Friday September 24 delayed for an hour due to the problem in Chicago then sat for 1.5 hrs inside the plane with no AC due to a maintenance issue. Typical of this airline - being treated like cattle.
I flew on 23rd Sept.2014 on AA291 from Dublin to New York and after over 30 years flying with American I can say the airline is in deep trouble the staff obviously did not care about the passengers and if that is what happens in business class I feel sorry for economy class which is a cattle truck anyway. No water offered no wine offered no announcement about baggage pick-up at JFK. You had to ask for everything and the body language was why are you bothering us.
I had to take my parents to the airport today to fly from SEA to JFK. We were on Alaskan Airlines flight powered by American Airlines. They were early to the airport for check-in at Alaska but got directed to go to American Airlines because for some reason we needed to check in there. The Alaskan Airlines employees were very cheerful and eager to help. Then when we showed up to American Airlines we were not even able to check-in even though they had 43 minutes before takeoff. They were 2 minutes late for automated check in. Then they had to wait in another line which gave them another flight which added an extra stop in Dallas. This changed their travel time from 5.5 hrs originally to a 9 hr journey. We had to accept even though we tried to plead them to get them on the original flight. The terrible thing is that they got to their standby gate 15 minutes earlier than the original flight was going to take off. And by no means are my parents fast people even with the normal lines in TSA. They could have made their original flight! I will never do third party travel sites again and the stupid confusion on flights was terrible.
Flew last month business class JFK-CDG. Flight delayed almost 4 hours announced 1 hour prior to departure. The attendant in the lounge told me we were lucky we had a plane. After boarding I was told the seat was not operational there was a barely visible sticker. But they did not know to what degree. The pilot had to look it up in his log. This took some 30 minutes. Verdict seat does not recline at all! They moved me to the back an arms reach from the coach bathroom. Each time someone went in and came out door slamming flash of light. There were 2 other much more desirable seats 4 AB it turned out those were for the staff. AA knows this are undesirable seats and it does not book them for their employees. The service on AA compared to other airlines is pitiful. With a few exceptions they treat you like they are doing you a favor. You never see a smile. The food most of the time is just plain bad. Due to the delay I almost missed my connection. After arriving to my final destination I found out that my luggage did not make it they found it 2 days later. Due to having to file paperwork for the missing luggage I missed my connection. AA is trying to blame it on the other airline.
This is my first and last time to fly AA. Booked my vacation 6 months in advanced for Sunday to Sunday in the Dominican Republic. Arrived on Sunday morning to find out AA switched our flight to their sister company US Airways. Went to US airways to check in and they had no record of the switch. Went back to AA and after a search located our reservation. However this took so long that we missed our flight and they didn't have anything else going out on that day. They rebooked us for Monday morning and tried fixing it with $200 voucher (my non refundable room was $300 plus missing a day of vacation). On Monday morning (5.15 am flight) we showed up and checked in and got on the plane it is now 6.15 am and we are still sitting at the gate because an exterior light is out. You would thing they could have fixed it overnight. Anyway no matter how the rest of the flight goes they can't change my mind about the low scores on this review.
I was scheduled to leave on Thursday at 3:05 PM (august 28 2014). I was called by American and notified that my flight was delayed out of San Diego so my connections would be missed. American then rescheduled me for a flight the following day at 8:30pm (over 29 hours after the departure date I had scheduled). I then called American and got them to put me on the original flight that was delayed and move my connecting flights. My plan was to just sleep in Chicago and fly from Chicago to London and London to Nice the following day. After taking the original delayed flight I got a hotel in Chicago for 200$ because the flight out the next day was not until 5:05pm. 5 hour delay on the flight from Chicago to London - over 2 hours were on-board sitting at the gate. I missed the connection from London to Nice and they put me on another flight which was also delayed 1 hour. I finally arrived in Nice over 24 hours later than the ticket I purchased. On the way back to San Diego everything went smoothly except my luggage did not make one of my connections. I finally got them to deliver the bag 56 hours after I landed.
Most frustrating travel experience traveled from DC to Honolulu trip planned paid for fewer stops and earlier arrival leaving DCA boarded plane on time then proceeded to sit on a boarded full plane for 1.5 hours because there was an overlooked routine mechanical issue preventing the plane from regulating the cabin temperature. Missed connection gave me a ticket including two stops and no talk of partial refund just a condescending align. Fast forward 1 week and again we're delayed by 2hrs in Honolulu. If you value your time do not fly American airlines.
I don't fly with American Airlines much anymore but I flew them to Seattle for Thanksgiving so flights were busy. I was in the very last row (row 32) of an MD-80 - it was noisy back there. My aunt was carrying our babies car seat which had food inside it it dropped into the first class aisle and one of the FA's glared at us and said "you're dropping food!" I mean really and she didn't even offer to help carry it? Fortunately a courteous passenger came and helped. Flight Attendant in coach was a lot nicer she even gave us some food for free after she saw how stressed we were. Then the return flight was cancelled because they could not get the hangar door open so American Airlines gave us some Hotel Vouchers. After getting back to the airport American Airlines gave us seats in First Class to make up for the bad night we had free food with larger seats and more legroom was ok but it was just not enough. We were tired and wanted to get home after landing back in Charlotte we had to deal with riding a packed bus to get back to the Long Term parking lot. This was the most tiring trip I have ever had for a domestic flight.
9/10 from West Palm Beach to SNA 2.35pm connection in Chicago missed the 5.10 connection. Flight was delayed and missed connection - reason "it happens traffic". When I miss my flight because of traffic American charges passengers we should have vouchers for every time an Airlines misses timelines.
Usually fly oneworld carriers. Last flight on American was a complete disaster. Boarded on time and it took 2 hrs before take off no explanation given until we left the gate. Very old 757. They said maintenance. Still some FA appeared on board before departing. Once airborne no service on a 4hr flight to SJU from JFK only food for purchase. FA rude and not professional. Arrived very late. It took more than 45 min to get luggage.
Flt 986 St Thomas to Miami. ATC Delay in Miami (didn't tell us why but probably weather) not AA fault. Our aircraft left Miami for St Thomas returned due to medical emergency not AA fault. Aircraft arrived St Thomas and we departed 7.40pm (instead of 2.58pm) not AA fault. Arrived Miami and after 3 hours standing in line because in spite of knowing the flight was delayed four hours no one checked hotel room availability. We received meal vouchers for dinner ($12 and the restaurants were closed) voucher for hotel room (received at 2am waited 35 minutes for a van to a Holiday Inn had to be back at 5 to take advantage of the breakfast voucher $6 before the 7.14am flight to Dallas). Try to buy dinner for $12 or breakfast for $6 at Miami international. While we were in line no movement for over an hour because no one had checked room availability. Two attendants initially handling the entire rebooking for the flight. After over an hour another showed up at an adjacent gate. Shortly 'Denise' decided it was time for her to leave. She was 'supposed to leave twenty minutes ago". Extremely poor planning overall. Poor accommodation after the fact. This is becoming the typical customer service quality for American and is really disappointing.
LAX-DFW-ATL AA2410 1 Sep 14. S80 ancient aircraft. Very uncomfortable seats. Almost one-hour delay in DFW because of "broken-seat" paperwork. Delay in landing at ATL because we lost our gate. Slow baggage handling. Staying away from AA for a year or so.
We flew from Manchester to New York at the end of August as a couple. We were surprised to be automatically allocated leg-room seats by an emergency exit at no extra cost. However we were extremely surprised and disappointed to be on a very old plane (still old logo) and had no personal TV screens for a long haul flight! I have never encountered this before. We could also barely see the shared TV screens. Only one film of two was shown. The air hostesses were distracted tired looking and talking amongst themselves for much of the flight. It felt like an internal AA flight. All the same was exactly true for our return flight but furthermore they could not seat us together on our wedding anniversary. If this is how UK Manchester customers are treated (the same surely can't be true flying out of London!) then prices should reflect the poor service. Avoid AA if at all possible.
I flew early September 14 from Kuala Lumpur to Hartford CT return. The quality was very uneven. From KL to Hartford it was okay. On the long parts (KL to Frankfurt Frankfurt to Charlotte) we were given two meals and a snack. The meals were okay but I was disappointed on the snack which was cookies and chocolate. Of course no menu as with Etihad and Qatar. I know I know I chose the airline because of the low price. I was even more disappointed on the trip back. On the flight from Chicago to London the seats and space were so tight we could barely move. The plane looked old and shabby. It still had those communal TV!. Come on! On a 7-hour flight? Those things were so outdated! The flight from Heathrow was much better. It's the new A380. Still food was not much better. By the way flights from KL to Europe and Europe to KL were operated by Malaysian Airlines but the ones from Europe to US and vice versa were by AA. Overall I wouldn't recommend taking AA flying from Asia to US.
Brand new 773 lovely looking aircraft clean interior but inferior product and service compared to alliance partner British Airways. 10 abreast seating is appalling for a long haul flight no comfort no headphones (this caught a lot of passengers out) cabin crew responded with "the company doesn't give us any!" - limited interaction with the passengers throughout flight. All in all very disappointing service with the "new American".
After a 6 hour delay originally attributed to a broken air conditioning component estimated to take "45 minutes" to fix myself and several other passengers changed our tickets to another later flight to the same destination. After being boarded on that second aircraft we were informed that the "maintenance log had been removed from the aircraft and not returned as expected" so we would need to wait until it was located. Initially this appeared to be mere incompetence but swiftly came to seem like subterfuge. Fully an hour later we have just been told there is a panel on our aircraft that has to be replaced. This is supposed to take 1 hour. Meanwhile our original aircraft remains grounded without further explanation. As a passenger I am apprehensive flying on aircraft in such poor repair and moreover feel deceived repeatedly by gate agents and flight crew who are either misinformed themselves or deliberately trying to hide the sorry state of American's fleet. This will be my last flight on American were I not attempting to attend a family wedding I would deplane now.
Flew from DFW to LHR on a 777-200 with my seven year old daughter. This flight was completely full but was acceptable for a long haul flight. The crew were very nice and helpful with my daughter and made her feel at home on her first transatlantic flight. The food and beverage was quite good for economy. Coming back to the USA was an entirely different story. Flew from DUB-Chicago on an old outdated 767-300 that smelt bad and looked very worn. The carpet was dirty and so was the seats. Additionally it was unacceptable to fly transatlantic with community video screens that appear to be running from a DVD setup with poor picture quality and sound. Again the crew was fantastic and treated my daughter extremely well and was very help with making arrangements to catch our next flight to Dallas even though we arrived over an hour late. Completing Customs and Immigration in Dublin saved us from missing out next flight. For the money paid the quality experience was unacceptable.
Flight from London to Miami then Miami to La Paz. By far the most disappointing flight we have had. The cabin crew were unbelievably rude disinterested and unhelpful. We've had much better service with budget airlines. Thought it was ridiculous that people could reserve seats up to one year in advance. Our flights were booked by a tour company so we were unaware of this until a few days before and therefore left with disappointing seats on the way out to our honeymoon destination. Will not fly with American Airlines again.
LHR to Miami return. Where to start. New logo - but old plane old staff old service. 'Turkey slider' in business class? Pre-formed mush. Surly badly dressed cabin crew. One of them was chewing gum and playing Candy Crush when I went to the bathroom! AA lounges in LHR awful - compare that to BA or Virgin! Even worse lounge in Miami - two vouchers for free drinks - for £4k? 13 year old 777 noisy  flat bed only goes down part way and worst of all - no laptop power adapters available "We've stopped providing them"! Well you know what I've stopped using AA.
FCO-ORD. ORD-CMH Flew an ancient plane with no IFE with one shared TV. Seats were uncomfortable. Food was better this time around although the service was bad. The crew missed out serving several rows multiple times on the flight although they kept the drinks coming very frequent. One of the crew members stopped the food service for close to 10 minutes to continue speaking to a passenger about her family.
Recently flew this airline transatlantic route from Dublin to Chicago. The experience was awful! The plane itself was so outdated and old fashioned. It had the screens that dropped down from the ceiling! However on the outward bound flight the crew announced they were not working. So I had a seven hour flight with no film . The crew all wore different uniforms which made them look shabby and unprofessional. I am used to flying European airlines like BA and Aer Lingus whose planes all have the modern personal screens etc and whose cabin crew look smart and professional. My advice is stay well away from AA. I will never again use this airline.
Flight from Chicago to Cleveland cancelled for no reason. Put on standby 4 flights and 10 hours later with no help from gate attendants we fly into Cleveland. Flying out of Cleveland - flight cancelled night before no reason given. Re-booked on earlier flight. Arrive at airport and or course we're not on the manifest. Staff member very rude. Clearly no one who works for American likes it or it's customers either. Since American had cancelled 3 flights the day before they had nothing to do but put us on a United flight where we had to pay an extra $160 for baggage hat we would not have had to pay as our origin tickets were on Alaska Airlines. Never again.
American Airlines cancelled a flight with no warning claimed weather related but on looking at radar for this flight path that was fabricated. They made no effort to notify by email or cell phone (had both). I found out about the canceled flight when I arrived at the gate with my boarding pass. This resulted in a 15 hour drive. My advice - find a different airline.
Flew out to Dallas from Heathrow in the new Boeing 777 which as a plane was okay and had good entertainment. They have a 343 layout which makes it cramped compared to a lot of other airlines I have flown with which have a 333 layout which feels more spacious. Some of the flight crew were quite unprofessional. One of them walking around with earphones in holding his iPod in his hand. Food was close to terrible. Returned on a Boeing 767 which had been painted on the outside to make it look modern but was like a museum on the inside. Old TV monitors hanging from the ceiling which showed one film on a nine hour flight which I couldn't watch as somebody had snapped off their headphone jack in my socket. Checked in really early but still sat apart. Food terrible again but flight crew a bit more professional this time. Have flown over 30 different airlines and I would say this airline is in the bottom 3.
Was in Vegas headed to Dallas. The weather had been bad that morning in Dallas. Contacted my husband about the weather when it came to my flight home and the weather was clear. They had delayed our trip for 9 hours for no apparent reason and had failed to inform us of this. They had delays due to weather early that morning the flight coming from Dallas to Vegas was sitting at the airport and wouldn't load their passengers. Waited around for 9 hours only to find out by 10 pm that night that the flight was cancelled and it was too late to get a hotel. The staff in Vegas were very rude and pretentious. They didn't care about any of the passengers and were snappy when asked questions. I do not recommend this airline at all!
I am not picky about the airlines and used to travel by the cheapest deals available. This time I took AA. Flying American Airlines was the worst experience for me. The planes were mostly old and run down. They took 2 hrs to fix the bolt and screws while flying to San Diego on flight AA 49. The staff especially at Dallas boarding desk was rude and changed my seat without an apology. Not only that see was upfront rude. Each flight were at least an hour or 2 late. There are definitely better options and I would not fly this airline again.
I was flying from Dublin to JFK NY on July 30 flight 291. I got the impression that serving the needs of the passengers was not a priority. I had reported to a flight attendant about some good amount of water sloshing around in the lavatory. It was slippery and the dirty liquid had got on my shoes and clothing. The flight attendant replied that she did not think the liquid was water and was not going to touch it. I do not understand why it could not have been mopped up. I think is was very inappropriate of the Airline to not train their flight attendants in mopping up unpleasant "spills" in the lavatories and providing them the sanitary means of doing so. This was upsetting to me to have to use lavatories with unsanitary conditions on an airline! The American Airline website makes it very difficult to send a complaint to. I think this is very important for them to see this and to correct it. I gave the airline poor ratings and do not plan to fly it again.
Flew London Heathrow to JFK. Had transferred from Qatar from JNB-DOH-LHR. This was a bit like going from a fine Hotel (Qatar) to a cheap roadside motel (American). The American Business Class lounge/Admirals Club lounge at LHR beyond the new entrance is simply a dump. Old tired furniture no charm or ambience and an almost complete lack of any kind of decent food or snacks. I saw one tureen of dried up pasta and some pretzels and 2-3 halves of white bread sandwiches. Self serve beverages were somewhat limited with cheap brands of alcohol and "spouts" on the wine bottles-a really low class touch. Although the roughly half full business does have a state of the art flat bed seat with decent storage the cabin service was dismal. Pre departure beverages were served in flimsy plastic glasses. Cabin staff attitude throughout the flight was casual and usually indifferent. I slept until approx. 1.5 hours before landing missing the snack service. No a single member of the cabin crew offered to serve it to me later. The rear lavatories were devoid of any cosmetics the forward lavatories were stocked. Of course there were no flowers in the lavatories. Catering was adequate the menu was a tiny card like affair nothing like the elegant and extensive menu presented in a folder on Qatar. I am thoroughly convinced that flying on American or any US Airline on long distance flights is wasting money and accepting poor treatment and it makes more sense to choose non US airlines which offer their premium customers a much higher standard of service.
JFK to LHR. AA's problems are no longer the fleet its old tired flight attendants that should be in bed rather than serving passengers paying up to $6000 for a business class seat with an attitude and a lack of respect that is simply unacceptable. Other passengers complained as well. Just impersonal and rude service on AA104. American needs to ground those FA's that are older and with attitude. Hire younger FA's that want to do their job rather than complaining to passengers about how the airlines have changed and how what we pay for the seats isn't worth it. After 33 years I'm not flying AA anymore. Ill go BA or anything other than an American carrier. They just honestly are awful now and I see no change due to them being union. Fly a foreign carrier. You'll see the difference.
We flew from Shreveport LA to DFW. We then flew from Dallas to London. Neither plane left on time or got us there on time. We had people waiting in London. Same happened on the way back. On the way back we were shuttled to British Airways. Got to Dallas had a six hour layover. Because British Airways was late getting us to Dallas the layover was five hours. We sat in the airport in Dallas for 4.5 hours at the gate we were supposed to leave from. Twenty minutes before the plane was to leave from Dallas the gate was changed and we had to run to get to the new gate. I have come to the conclusion that American Airlines doesn't care at all about their customers. For the prices people are charged for tickets and fees you would think service would be better. Won't fly American again.
July 31 we were on flight 3143 NAS to MIA. Flight was scheduled to take off at 605. We were on the runway on time when a passenger became ill. We returned to the terminal. They left her on board until a paramedic arrived to check her out. At this point she felt better and wanted to continue but had to wait until someone from headquarters arrived to determine if it was safe for her to stay on the flight. They took her off the plane then allowed her to return then took her off again. Every person on that plane had a connecting flight to catch. They then had to refuel the plane. We then got back on the runway then had to go back to check out a maintenance issue. We sat there another 30 minutes. Then we had to get off the plane while they worked on it. At 9.30 we boarded again then had to wait for a passenger who couldn't decide whether or not to continue. We finally left NAS at 10 pm. When we landed in MIA we had to go back through customs find our luggage then try to find someone from AA to help us all reschedule flights. No one from AA was available to help us until after 11 pm. They put us up overnight at a local hotel and rescheduled all our flights for the next day but it was a very poorly handled situation. I do not plan to use AA in the future. We have used other airlines many times and have had issues but never anything handled this poorly.
We paid for 6 business class tickets from Zurich via London to Dallas. Then 4 business class tickets from Los Angeles to London to Zurich. I've never seen a more consistent disgruntled group of employees in all of the years I've flown overseas. Where to begin? We chose American because of the "New" business class. We were given an old plane. My family is very low maintenance. We only ask for simple respect. We are mid flight and AA cancels our connection from Dallas to Grand Junction. 10 hours before we are to board. We don't get the notification until we reach our gate to fly to Grand Junction. No effort on AA part at all to help us. No hotel no car service. We make our own arrangements. This may seem small but by this point we are exhausted. Any help at all by AA would have been appreciated. Our return trip. I went for more water I was told they only had the large bottles. If I wanted more water I could bring my small empty water bottle up and refill it. Not how can I help you? Not can I bring the water to you? They stand there chatting while I try to refill my bottle.
I recently flew with AA and US Airways from New York Boston and Washington DC. I cannot believe that American Airlines is part of the One World Alliance. When you look at the level of service you get from world class airlines like Qantas Cathay Pacific and LAN and then see the pathetic offering you get from AA I am dumbstruck. As a frequent Australian traveller I absolutely hate having to use AA anytime. Their Admirals Club lounges are truly pathetic - paying for food and pseudo-snacks like pretzels and plastic wrapped muffins. AA passengers who fly Qantas and use the Qantas Club lounges must be amazed. The service on AA is uniformly awful and rude. How can Americans put up with such an array of shocking airline companies. Now that AA have bought US Airways it will be doubly bad.
My flight out of Chicago was delayed for hours and then cancelled at 1am. Understandable taking into consideration Chicago weather. However it was the customer service received during and after this that convinced me to end my days as an American Airlines flyer. I spent the next few hours on hold with customer service trying to get my flight rebooked. After 3.5 hours on hold I booked a flight for the following morning through the AA website to ensure that I would return home on time. The next morning unable once again to contact customer service I boarded the flight and made it home in time to return to work. Only after I finally contacted customer service did I learn that I had in fact been booked on a rescheduled flight. I searched my inbox spam and trash but had received no sort of email or notification of the rescheduling. If I had been informed of this flight or been able to contact customer service I could have foregone the cost of a second flight and avoided all of the frustrating cold emails that have taken place since.
DFW to PDX - the service was terrible. First the price: it was $360 round-trip non-stop. While this may sound like a good deal it was not too long ago that American wanted $500 for the same trip. I could go to Europe one- way for that! The price drop is the only reason why I give them 2 out of 5 stars for value. If it weren't for that I would give them one-star without a second thought. Second the lines for baggage check were long. Apparently this airline does not realize that it's 2014: I was completely unable to pay my baggage fee online and there was no fast check-in option either. So I had to wait in line to do something I could have done online with other air carriers and only takes five minutes at most with other ones. Third the seats. They were harder than rocks with virtually no leg room with my messenger bag below the seat in front of me. It was virtually impossible to sleep or rest in my seat. When I got off the plane I was very sore. The flight attendants did not care about my experience and the check-in agents flat out ignored me at PDX. Lastly when I emailed American with a complaint about these issues I got the most sarcastic response I have ever got from a customer service representative. In conclusion I never plan on flying American again. I'd rather have a stop (or two!) than fly them.
I will never fly AA again. The Miami staff were very rude and not accommodating at all. Flight was late leaving from Turks and Caicos and staff failed to announce the delay by half an hour. Therefore I missed my connecting flight in Miami to LGA. Miami Staff were not accommodating. I had an older aunt with me and I asked for a wheelchair twice it never came. AA staff had no sense of direction or didn't speak enough English - it was terrible! Never again.
Let me start by saying I am a regular business flier and travel frequently although because of issues like the following complaint usually only fly AA as a last resort. On a recent trip from LGA to DFW AA forced me to gate- check my same standard 22in. carry-on bag which I take on every flight on every other airline. The bag clearly fit within the test box when I had to test it the first time going through the security checkpoint and similarly fit again when forced to test it at the gate but because the agent said I had to "push" it down to fit within the box it was too big and had to be checked. When I boarded the plane I was frustrated to see that the bag would have easily fit within the overhead compartment. Maybe AA has smaller jets with smaller overhear storage capacity than every other major airline. This was a big inconvenience and was easily avoidable and I will continue to avoid flying on AA whenever possible.
The boarding passes we printed out at DFW Airport showed that the flight from DFW to TYR originally scheduled at 6pm was delayed to 8pm. We still went to the gate to see if the delay was changed. The monitor showed that the flight was delayed to 8pm. After we returned to the gate at 7pm we were told the flight left at 6.30. There was no more flights from DFW to TYR afterwards. The assistant checked us in for the 9.00 flight the next day. When we requested whether there was a voucher for a hotel we were told no. We called the customer service and were blamed for not listening to the announcements. We had to rent a car to return home and drove back to DFW next day to return the rental car. Each person was trying to shift the responsibility away to somebody else. If they made profits by charging passengers more and providing less service whats to celebrate?
Flight from Germany to Charlotte NC to Huntsville AL in 05/2014 was the worst flight experience. TV screen did not work staff was not concerned after numerous requests. The aircraft had a malfunction before takeoff in NC delaying us 3 hours on the taxiway. This caused a missed flight at the connection stop. American did not care whatsoever and we had to ask to get a meal voucher but that was all that was given. They would only put us on another American flight that left hours later putting us home in the middle of the night and needed to be at work the next morning. Worst airline ever. This review only covers about 65% of the issues experienced.
Booked flights for the husband and I from BOS to MIA in October. Received an email changing our flight times and seats after we had purchased and selected. Threw us off the original time and put another flight number in its place. Had no reasonable explanation other than they are re-figuring their planes! Really messed up our departure for sure. The planes are so old and dirty. Couldn't even use the bathroom as it was filthy on our last flight. The attendants were miserable! TV monitors were from the dark ages not to mention the inside condition of the plane. It was falling apart from the inside. Could see the outer shell from my seat! Charge megabucks for low class experience.
MIA-BOG-MIA. Both sectors were flown by very tired B752s with equally tired cabin crews. I have been flying these sectors along with other Latin routes with (Latin) American Airlines which bears little resemblance to AA mainline for some 25 years on the same aircraft type with the same take-it or leave-it cabin crew attitudes. Wifi and in-flight power is heavily advertised on these aircraft but were not available on either sector. Both aircraft and cabin crew are in need of a substantial refresh.
Will never fly AA again. The experience at Dallas was terrible. Flight was late therefore missed flight. Boarded another flight but told to get off due to mechanical problem. Very little information on what to do next. Sent to four different gates. Treated like cattle. Never made it out that day and no guarantee to fly next day. Forced to go to a different airport and buy another ticket on Southwest. No apologies by AA personnel. Customer service was the worst I've experienced in over 50 years of traveling.
I travelled American Airlines on Flight AA55 from Manchester UK to Chicago. This was an awful flight. The aircraft had no in seat entertainment the seats were old and uncomfortable the headrests hardly lifted above the seat so for a taller person the backrest sticks in your back. In addition the staff were at best terse at worst indifferent. I can only believe they are as fed up as I was being stuck on that aircraft. On the bright side it arrived on time overall however it was a prime example of a truly budget flight the only thing is I paid a lot of money for the flight. I only went this route because I needed to go to Chicago never again.
I purchased a flight with American Airline to fly from Miami to New Orleans on July 3-7. They changed my flight to US Air but didn't inform me until one week before flight. I paid for upgrade seats but it was not transferred over. Now what really bother me was my return trip home from New Orleans well I didn't get back until a day later. Both airlines seemed to simply want to place blame on each other when they should be working together on rescheduling flights when they cancel them. American whom I booked with originally were of absolutely no use to me once they changed me to a US Air flight. Though it took many back and forth trips between the two companies finally a supervisor with US Air provided me with some assistance in getting me booked on another flight to fly out a day later. It's ridiculous that it would take me 4 hours in the airport to get rescheduled when I checked in well in advance (4hours) after my flight was canceled. I should not have needed a supervisor to get my flight rescheduled all agents should be able to do it. I went through 5 agents between AA and US Air and none were helpful. When airlines join forces to become one company they should be operating as one not passing the buck and blame between each other.
Took AA on a trip to Spain. En route two of my three flights were delayed almost causing me to miss a connection and my baggage was lost - not sure if by American or one of the affiliated carriers. The worst was yet to come however. My flight from Madrid to NYC was delayed by a couple hours and so I was rebooked for my connecting flight. I wish I'd insisted on catching it since it was delayed anyway because what transpired after was unbelievable. The rebooked flight to DC was eventually canceled. We sat on the tarmac for 2.5 hours as maintenance repaired a broken chair then a door and then we lost our slot in the queue and had to wait awhile and then my home airport suspended flights coming and going due to weather. Finally the pilot took us back to the gate and told us our flight was canceled. 4 hours on the tarmac that day. Service to rebook flights was slow and some agents were a bit snippy. Slept at the gate overnight for my early flight the next morning. Had a bad feeling when I saw people arriving through the same gate 15 minutes prior to our scheduled boarding time. Sure enough we sat there for well over an hour as the tyre on the plane was being changed and then the flight was canceled. Exasperated I asked for a flight out of LaGuardia instead and although it was delayed on the runway I eventually got home after four bookings from NYC to DC. Very tight seat arrangement on the planes flying back (because they were older). Food wasn't bad and service on all the planes was overall pretty good. Service at the gate ranged from very solicitous to brusque. The airline seems to schedule flights too close together. On top of that the planes on my return trip were all old and shoddy hence the delays. So I ended up being booked for eight flights round trip when I was originally scheduled for just five. Seven of eight were delayed and two of those led to cancellations. American didn't do much to compensate me for the inconvenience either. I will never fly AA again.
Had a 6 part trip this month on AA. Every leg had issues. Mechanical problems abound due to the age of the fleet. Arrived at JFK for the vacation portion of this trip and was told at the first class check in that our aircraft was removed from service and we would be 6 hours delayed departing. We missed our first day of vacation and a party because of this. Bottom line you can't rely on this company to get you where you are going in any reliable way. Also have issues with their website frequently down lack of communication with flight delays also.
I had not flown AA for a few years and now I know why. AA employees sat in first class on a very early flight from TPA-MIA and spoke loudly to one another while the other first class passengers tried to sleep. Had a 7.40pm flight from MIA-TPA but paid a $75 plane change fee to take the 5.50pm flight. No problem there except for the fact that the plane flight 986 from STT-MIA had an alarm mishap and they had to call a maintenance personnel from off-site. He was very late so therefore missed the earlier connection at 5.50pm from MIA-TPA and took my original flight at 7.40pm-no compensation returned for their error. Other members in my party had first class on the 5.50pm flight and did not receive it when we were all booked on the 7.40pm flight. They did attempt to put us all together but placed us in the exit row with two children traveling under the age of 15. Therefore the kids had to sit in other areas in the plane and were scared to sit alone. Upon a later arrival to TPA at 8.40pm AA/US AIR misplaced our luggage and was it was all still sitting in Miami with Priority tags on them. So much for priority as they turned up a day and a half later.
Providenciales - Miami: AA300. Miami - Paris: AA62. Both flights on old aircraft in particular the flight from Miami to Paris was dreadful on an old 767. No AVOD or individual screen. The seats were the most uncomfortable I have experienced. Food was tasteless and bland with portions quite small. Drinks service was decent but really that was all with the flight that was a positive. Staff seemed disinterested and tired during the flight. First and last time I fly with AA.
Pensacola to San Francisco. After paying full fare for a toddler in a seat my pregnant daughter was treated so inconsiderately by American Airlines staff. No pre-board because "there are too many children on this flight" and they took her stroller away so that she had to carry 2 bags and the child. On one leg of the flight they gave her back the stroller last and nearly made her miss her connection.
One month travel itinerary June 10 - July 8. Point here is not as much about inconvenience as how situations are handled. 4 flights cancelled. One due to weather. Paid upgrades are not refunded if flights cancelled per AA reservations. After 3.5 hour wait little or no information given to waiting passengers in cancellation of first leg OGG-LAX. Restaurant employees saw flight crew leave airport. AA would only help passengers with connections. The rest of us scrambled for flights. Locating luggage was a whole other mishap. 2.5 hr flight from QRO-DFW turned into a 10 hour flight touching down in 2 cities to refuel. Water was being rationed. Children first. No food. No offers from ground crews for additional water or even peanuts. No help with connecting flights. No enough cots in airport Terribly mishandled. Connecting flight missed but cancelled anyway. MCI-OGG delayed 4 hours. Equipment not available. Automated message via phone at 2.30 am for 7.30 am flight. Was auto rebooked on flight out a day later. Called and obtained same day departure. Hoping I get out. Remember when flying used to be fun and airlines treated us with courtesy? Note: Have flown all other US carriers AA is cheaper but savings offset by delay costs incurred other problems and poor treatment.
I flew from Ontario CA to Indianapolis IN by way of Dallas TX (round-trip). All 4 planes were MD-80's - I probably don't need to say much more. These planes should have been taken out of service 10 years ago. I was flying them in the early 90's from ORD to LAX they needed to be retired back then. All 4 flights were delayed because of mechanical problems (ranging from inoperative toilets to loose electrical panels). All 4 planes were filthy - not just the rest rooms and aisles - but the seats windows and tray tables were disgusting. All 4 flights were full - so as we sat on the planes waiting for the "maintenance issues" to be resolved we roasted. Given that I had a similar experience on a trip from Palm Springs to Cleveland (round trip 4 flight segments) in April on American I should have known better. But as a "loyal rewards member" I booked this last flight on American too - hoping for better equipment and on time service. At this point I don't even expect any aspect of comfort on American flights - I just want a safe plane that lands reasonably on time. Given the last 8 flights that I flew on American planes in the last 90 days I'm not even certain that the old MD-80's are safe anymore. When 6 out of 8 of my flights were delayed for mechanical or maintenance issues I begin to wonder I'm going to start building my miles on United. I'm done with American. P.S. - during the last 20 years I have been "Gold" "Platinum" and in the "Concierge Key" program - so I have witnessed the decline of this airline's quality and on- time performance first-hand.
Flight #7943 from Honolulu to Los Angeles April 25 2014. This airline is terrible. The only reason to choose this airline is that they have so many flights to so many locations. But it is as if they don't like to be in flight service. Both my husband and I have been regular flight passengers for most of our adult lives for business and pleasure. Over the years AA has not improved on any level of their service. Since going online for booking we have yet to have reservation that isn't botched in some way. I am sitting on AA plane as I write this as we wait after flying 5.5 hours for a gate to become available. Though this may be an airport error the connections between flights is so short that many passengers are in threat of missing there next flight. We almost missed our connecting to this flight because only 30 minutes was allotted between flights. I would gladly pay more for better service and have but AA has only increased its prices but not improved the quality of service.
Pensacola to San Francisco. After paying full fare for a toddler in a seat my pregnant daughter was treated so inconsiderately by American Airlines staff that none of us will ever fly with this airline again. No pre-board because "there are too many children on this flight" and they took her stroller away so that she had to carry 2 bags and the child. On one leg of the flight they gave her back the stroller last and nearly made her miss her connection. There is no compassion from this airline!
Paris to Boston on an old and uncomfortable 757. The worst international business class seat I've ever had. Did anyone from American try sitting in this seat before they selected it? Small personal video screen with terrible resolution and limited choice of films. Food was inedible. The only good about this flight was the crew - friendly and hard working. Luggage took 40 minutes to unload. Overall a terrible experience.
We will never fly with this airline again. Flight out of Moline Il was delayed for an hour because the airplane wasn't there. We finally get a plane and find out from the flight attendant the delay was caused because there was no ramp at their last stop. The pilots did an awesome job getting us to Dallas on time. But then we sat for over an hour waiting to get to a gate. By this time everyone's connecting flights should have left. But we run across the Dallas airport and find out our connecting flight is delayed as well. Seems we didn't have a crew. What a joke. Never again.
I recently flew from Miami to London. Sat in the economy class. Seat was extremely narrow designed for very slim person. I am 185lbs and 5'11". For me the seat was very uncomfortable. If you are a large person recommend to buy 2 seats or avoid flying economy. The cabin was very claustrophobic. There was a big wall in front. The quality and the quantity of the food was pathetic. Inedible unless you were real hungry. This airline lowered their standards tremendously. I used 50000 points and paid $68 for this one way flight. In monetary terms approx $700. If the airlines do not stop abusing their passenger I personally will give up long distance flying.
We recently took our family to Maui to celebrate our 48th anniversary. My husband is in his 70's as I am and he has Parkinson's disease. I have recently had a knee replacement so we rented a hotel for the park and fly program as did our daughter's family for a total of $475 so there would be no chance of us being late for our plane which was to leave at 10.35 am. We arrived early as were told to do. Eventually we found that there was a delay of at least 30 minutes. The delay continued to be extended and ended up being a 9 hour wait. AA reps told us there was nothing they could do. The seats are firm plastic with no head rest or place to lean against the wall. We were given a lunch voucher which we used but were never offered a dinner voucher. We became more and more frustrated as time progressed. We finally left for a long flight to Maui with a crew who were unhappy to called out on Father's Day on an unexpected flight. Their attitude reflected that. We were not given anything to compensate for all our problems no free drinks no food. Nothing. We got to our hotel at 3.30 am. On our trip home we were held up because someone had thrown up in the seat but it wasn't cleaned up by the cleaning crew. There was vomit on the seats and in the buckle making it necessary to take off all seat covering and taking out and putting in all new seatbelt apparatus. To top this all off we are AA frequent flyers!
What a horrible product AA offers in the back of the plane for longer flights. I flew from Manaus to Miami overnight and could not get comfortable in the nasty thin under padded seats. The meal service was a soggy ham sandwich and a glutinous dessert while the entertainment was provided by screens that dropped down from the ceilings. Even small Air Canada planes have seat back TVs but American's 737s do not and this on a 5-hour flight. When they dimmed the cabin lights the screens kept playing the film so good luck trying to get any sleep with the flashing lights in your eyes. Awful just awful. It is a throwback to the 1990s.
I recently booked a 9.30am trip to Amarillo through American Airlines (booked it 2 months in advance). The morning of the flight at about 6.30am (while I was headed to the airport) I was called by American Airlines and it was an automated voice recording telling me that my flight had been cancelled and they automatically put me on a 6.30pm flight that night. I had no option to talk to anyone or hear a reasoning on the scenario that was taking place. I had to call back and go through various automated conversations until I finally reached someone. After explaining the situation (and no sympathy was shown) I realized the person could not help me and did not desire to help me. Little did she know I had major wedding events to get to at my destination (hints why I booked an early flight in the first place). I ended up having to book another flight through Southwest Airlines last minute (costing me a fortune) just to make it to the city in time. It was an all around awful experience dealing with an impersonal system that left me without answers paying a fortune and still arriving later than I planned. I will never again try to fly American Airlines.
On our return flight from Orlando to DFW we arrived early to the massive lines at security. Got through and sat down for an early dinner flight delayed. Took our time then another notice flight delayed again. Finally left dinner and walked around got to out terminal flight delayed again. So our 7pm take off was now leaving at 9pm. Sat down and watched TV. Then some people started standing up and getting upset flight now delayed until 11.45pm. Our plane arrived but had to wait on a crew to fly us. Finally got on the plane after midnight and waited another hour on the plane. We were told we might not have enough fuel. Really? The plane had been there at the airport for 3 hours and no one checked to refuel it? Got back to DFW at 2.30am. Only one baggage person there at that time and several bags were missing. 30 minutes waiting to get our bag that came in at an early flight. So 8 hours in the airport and all the explanation we got was it was DFW's fault. Never again.
Narita - LAX June 25 First Class. A totally acceptable experience except for boarding and off loading. See my previous review for service comments. Boarding for a First class really needs an upgrade first class passengers deserve more. LAX arrival was unacceptable. Remote gate (ok that happens) but first class passengers were herded onto a packed bus for the ride to terminal. Come on not even a special bus for first and business pax? Not a way to get or keep premium passengers.
June 15-19 supposed to depart from Knoxville to Dallas to Las Vegas but were made to drive from Knoxville to Nashville. Route ended up being Nashville to Dallas to Las Vegas and vice versa. Our flight was changed several times by the airline before departure date. On the date of departure we received an automated phone call 3 hours before take off notifying us that our plane was delayed 4 hours. This interfered with our connecting flight and there was not another flight that would have us reaching our destination until the next day. I contacted the airline immediately and they confirmed that if they re-routed us we could reach our destination. We agreed to this and proceeded to the airport. Upon arrival we were unable to check in. An hour later it was discovered that when re-routing us the person had neglected to issue us a ticket and now our flight was over booked. Our only option was to drive 2.5 hours to another airport catch a flight there and then have 15 minutes between connecting flights that we were to try and get to the gate and board in time. Somehow we managed to make it and made it to our destination. On our return trip we again couldn't check in and had to see an attendant. Everyone we encountered was extremely rude and hateful. I will never fly American Airlines again.
If you're looking for a company that will fly you in the least comfort at the highest price then look no further – you found it. It is inconceivable that American Airlines are still flying old planes with no individual entertainment systems on their transatlantic crossing and charging more than anyone else for the privilege. They didn't even show the film they advertised. We only flew from JFK to Buffalo (with a rival company) a flight of just over an hour and they had individual entertainment screens. To add insult to injury AA ran an ad telling us all how they are adding a new plane every week to their fleet! All I can say is watch out AA when Thomson starts flying the Dreamliner from Manchester to JFK in May 2015 I do not predict a very prosperous future for them.
I booked a flight from LAX to Raleigh-Durham NC. 24 hours before the flight I went on the AA web site to 'Check- in' and obtain my 'Boarding Pass'. When I selected the option to check-in I was asked if I wanted to select a seat. I elected yes and was presented which several options for only 'Paid Seats' at $86/per seat. Thinking there were no other options I selected a seat and paid the $86 for both the departing and return trips. After making and paying $172 for seats the web site asked if I wanted my boarding pass. I said yes and I was offered the option for seat selections that required no extra fee. Feeling set-up wondering why I was not offered options for all available seats from the beginning I called the AA Customer service group and the agent informed me that they could not do anything about changing my seat to one that did not require an extra fee. I then wrote them to ask why I was lead into believing I could only purchase a seat when free seats were available they simply said 'you made the decision to purchase the seat and therefore there is nothing that can do'. After this frustrating experience on the outbound flight I requested a 'bloody mary mix' just after the stewardess handed one to the stewardess covering the first class group. I was informed that they no longer had any more. Things on the return flight were equally as bad. I was unable to print a boarding pass - web message said my reservation had been cancelled. When I attempted to call the customer service group at 11.00 pm EDT the auto attendant informed me that wait time to talk with an agent was 35 minutes. Needless to say after these experiences I will never fly this airline again.
We have just completed a round trip from the UK to USA two transatlantic flights and three internal flights. The first from London to Dallas was characterised by dreadful food (lunch being served immediately after an early morning take-off!) with very unfriendly and ungracious staff. The second flight from Dallas to El Paso was delayed for an hour at El Paso where we sat on the tarmac for an hour in temperatures of c.110F because of a failed air conditioning unit. Offered not so much as a glass of water. The delay meant that the car hire desk we were using was closed at El Paso. The second internal flight was from El Paso to Phoenix. This time the flight was delayed because the 'pontoon bridge' attaching the plane to the terminal was broken. Again we sat on the tarmac without refreshment. Again surly and uncooperative staff. We were sat at the back of the plane when drinks were finally offered there was very little choice left and no time to enjoy them. The third flight from Las Vegas to New York was relatively uneventful tho' with ungracious and charmless grumpy staff. The food on board was expensive terrible and tasteless. The final flight was delayed more than 2 hours at take off and just under two hours at landing. No staff would tell us what was going on the plane was changed and we were forced to split up our family seats and had to sit in different places on the plane. The food was inedible. Staff were not only surly but extremely rude. In all instances the planes were old shabby and dirty with worn through upholstery and carpets defective lavatories inflight entertainment was broken reading lights did not work fresh air vents that would not open or close and the worst cabin staff I have experienced.
June 12 AA169 LAX-NRT F Class. Nowadays one has quite high expectations for International First Class while adequate American met none of those expectations. On all levels it met international business class standards and no more. Cabin crew was friendly but not very visible between meals. Better off in business on JAL United Singapore or even Delta. Quite a let down.
June 11 2014 flight 1322 Liberia Costa Rica to MIA. Worst experience ever! On our return aircraft had an engine problem delayed flight for 4 hours missed connecting flight in MIA to NYC because of this issue. Arrived at MIA at 12am and next flight was at 6am upon leaving same engine issue flight delayed 2 more hours. On top of the fact that their aircraft's are not inspected they offer no food not even a bag of chips and there's no wifi even though they say they provide it. I travel twice every year will never fly with them again!
I just completed a multi city international round trip with American. 2 international flights and 3 domestic. So the international (from South America to Miami) was an overnight flight. The plane was old and the ceiling TVs stayed on all night. No sleep. All of my domestic flights were either delayed re-routed or cancelled. The first from Tampa to DFW was cancelled due to no oxygen. To top it off at my final destination back in South America one bag was delayed (hopefully not lost) as it was accidentally put on a LAN flight to Lima. 5 days later I am still waiting for it.
I flew from Manchester Airport to JFK in economy class. From the start the aircraft was very dated and did not smell particularly clean. The food was dull unappetising and almost thrown at you by the staff drinks were not offered except with the meal I had to beg a member of staff for a bottle of water on the journey. The IFE was very poor the TV was attached to the ceiling above the aisle so from my window seat I couldn't see the full screen so didn't get any IFE. On the return journey the same 4 episodes of "Salvage Hunters" was shown on a loop so repeated 3 times during the 7 hour flight. The seats were uncomfortable and very cramped on the return flight the passenger in front had his seat back which meant for a very claustrophobic journey. The most startling aspect to flying with American Airlines was the rudeness of the staff! I went to the toilet and an exiting a member of staff had started serving lunch she kept shouting at me to not stand close to her (which I was not) and in the end marched me to my seat and demanded I "sit now". On the return I had to plead for a drink only to get a very aggressive member of staff thrust a can of juice at me before saying "now go sit down". After booking with BA I was disappointed to find AA codeshare and operate the flight as I was not prepared for the awful aircraft used the lack of IFE the poor quality food and the stunningly nasty approach by the cabin crew. Would never choose or recommend this airline.
We started in BWI with 4 delays totalling 4 hours. We finally made it to DFW and have been sitting on tarmac for almost a half hour now just a perfect end to horrible trip with AA. Tried calling customer service with a seat issue before flight and the woman hung up on me. I actually got 2 voice messages on the first 2 delays. I will not fly AA again.
Upon arrival at DFW airport my flight was supposed to depart at 10.20 pm. The flight was delayed several times and finally canceled at 12.00 am. Hotels were not offered the only option was to sleep in the airport. The next flight to my destination was scheduled for 7.30 am the following morning. At 7.20 am the next morning we learned that they had no pilot for the flight delayed again. I am very dissatisfied with AA customer service and I will no longer be flying with this company.
I just took this trip in fact I arrived back home last night. The trip out: went online to get boarding passes had to choose my seats (two flights). I chose my seat for the first flight no problem. Chose my seat for the second flight: $28 later I had both boarding passes. Silly me I expected when I bought my ticket that I would have a seat without paying extra not so I was in a so called "upgrade" seat which I didn't ask for nor did I want but that was all that was left. I did not get anything extra for having paid for a so called "upgraded" seat. I had to do the same thing on the return trip. Also you have to pay for your luggage. On the return trip I purchased a sandwich for $9.99 which was most definitely the worst sandwich I have ever had. I will fly Southwest when in need of a flight you purchase a fare from them you not only have a seat that you don't have to pay extra for your first bag is free.
I normally fly Southwest exclusively - so you can imagine the culture shock when I found myself booked (by my company) on an American flight from SFO to JFK. The only thing I can say positively is that the food was really fantastic quite unexpected for in-flight cuisine. The drinks also came very consistently. The crew were not unpleasant but not quite up to the standards of the Southwest culture. And for a completely redesigned seat the Business Class seat was the most uncomfortable thing I have endured. I am 5'1 so my feet never touched the floor. I tried every adjustment on the panel but nothing worked. Finally I just used my provided pillow to stuff behind me to make my feet touch the floor. Between that and the leg rest I was able to get a little sleep on the way home. There was no indication of how to use the video screen in front of me or any explanation of how to operate the headphone (where the jack was located etc.) or anything. I stopped flying American about 12 years ago and now I remember why.
LAX to Phoenix. We were really unhappy with the customer service of American Airlines employees at LAX. We had a flight coming into LAX run really late and were bumped to a later flight the next day. We arrived to the airport at 8.00 and our flight to Phoenix was departing at 9.25. I usually arrive to airports about 1.5 hours before a domestic flight and this is usually plenty of time. We checked in at the kiosk but the computer would not print the bag tags. We grabbed an airline employee who directed us to a baggage check line for others with issues with the printing. It was only four people deep so we were not too worried. After about 20 minutes and the line had barely moved we started to become nervous. We tried talking to a couple agents about taking our bags from us and sticking them on a later flight so we could still make it to our gate. They were all at the most apathetic and kept telling us there was nothing they could do. By the time we finally got to the counter we had been in line 45 minutes. There were two employees working this whole time even though the process seemed to be incredibly slow. This inefficient system and lacking customer service caused us to miss our flight. Maybe I would think this was normal airline behavior but we have flown with Alaskan airlines in LAX when a connecting flight caused us to come in late. Their employees were very helpful took our bags and sent them on a later flight and even pushed us through security to ensure we made the plane. In the end I will never chose American again if I can help it.
Upon checking in at my starting location I was informed by the AA rep that my flight was being delayed an hour to leave for O'Hare which was a problem as my connecting flight was to leave an hour and 10 minutes after arriving at O'Hare which turned into one mess up after another which would have had me reaching my final destination 2.5+ hrs after scheduled. I reached O'Hare (more delays) and eventually walked out of the airport and took a charter bus reaching my destination before the flight even left Chicago! Avoid American Airlines travelers.
MIA to LGA flight. It started with a mechanical problem with the plane's intercom which they spent 2 hours trying to fix before looking for another plane. Another plane found boarded and headed to the runway around 7pm. We waited on the runway for 1.5 hours because of "weather" (even though other flights on the same route were taking off) then told we had to go back to the gate. One flight attendant then got into a screaming match with a passenger (extremely unprofessional) while I waited with an upset baby for 15 minutes in the roasting hot gangway because they couldn't find anyone to bring up the gate-checked strollers. Finally the "weather" was okay to allow us to leave but a new crew was needed we finally left around 11.30pm. And then because LGA was closed it landed at JFK instead. Nothing positive to say about this airline. To be avoided if at all possible.
Business Class trip Tokyo to Dallas. Attendants were rude! It was 45 minutes after take off before we were given audio headsets and 45 minutes before landing they gathered them up. My husband's didn't work and it was a chore to get a replacement pair. We felt like we were intruding on their day! Beverage service was a joke. This was a 12 hour flight and we were given beverages 4 times. We flew first class on various Asian airlines and the service was excellent. I will not fly American again!
I've been flying for over 30 years and I have never come close to missing a flight. In April 14 I travelled with American from Miami to Washington DC and their awful check in staff caused my group to miss our flight. There was a cut off check-in time of 9.13am and we arrived about 8.55am and were told not to go the counter but to use self- check-in. We did this and when it came to finalising the check-in the system cancelled our check-in. Again we went to the oh-so-friendly staff which said go to the counter as it will be quick and there is not queue. Went to the counter and by the time we had got through the queue we were 3 mins past our check-in time. The staff couldn't have carried less and just flat out refused to help even thigh it was their fault. We were told that we needed to book in 2hrs before the flight but not only was this not listed on our ticket but our pre-printed boarding passes had 9.13am. I've got no apologies form the company and was left with missing our afternoon in Washington.
American is the worst airline I have been on. I'm sitting in the plane after boarding in Chicago having to de- board due to an oil leak after 30 minutes waiting the maintenance have the all clear took off then the pilot came over the speaker saying we need to turn back land and de-board again switch gates then it gets delayed for an hour after they told us there was an immediate plane waiting. By far the worst and stressful experience I have ever had. I will never fly with American again.
We flew from Las Vegas to JFK New York on 23rd May this year with American Airlines and we have never encountered such rude and unhelpful flight attendants. It was a 4.5 hour flight and they only came round with the drinks trolley once at the beginning of the flight and when I asked for some water was told that she wasn't there to run round after me! I was horrified but told her that I would follow her down to the galley and get my own water so she stormed off and brought me one back. The whole flight she was abrupt and rude. There were 6 of us in the party on holiday in 3 separate cities in USA. That was the only one where we encountered rude and nasty staff.
MXP-JFK return in economy. Boeing 767-300 was comfortable and silent service just okay seats cramped food too limited for a long range flight both inbound and outbound. Inflight entertainment just OK. Asked for upgrading purchase on return flight at check-in and was told from AA lady at counter the price was USD 7000 one way - unbelievable what a joke! Avoid AA from Milan fly Delta or Emirates.
The food was ghastly. Dallas Fort Worth to London breakfast was a measly white bread bun bare on the tray (no plate or even plastic) with butter and cheese with a small tub of yoghurt and a small orange juice. The dinner chicken tasted awful. The service from the cabin staff was abrupt and short. Some hand wipes at meal times would be great as the toilets left much to be desired. Also at meal times they would not remind passengers to put their chairbacks up like the attendants on the other airlines I mostly use. I think Qatar Airways is doing itself a disservice by aligning with American Airlines on code share flights. I particularly booked with Qatar Airways as their service is always impeccable.
If there was a way to rate this company's service to a score less than 1 I would do that. I booked my flight all confirmed connecting through Chicago. In Chicago after a gate change and an hour delay they cancelled the flight to my destination. No options no direction just cancelled. Then after 30 min on the call I talked to them for rebooking. Nothing available. I got someone at a kiosk to help and they booked me on a flight 2 DAYS later whereas I had to be at a conference the next morning. Needless to say that was not an option. I rented a car and drove 10 hours straight to my destination getting to my destination at 4am. Then it is time to get back home and they tell me they have canceled my return ticket because I did not complete my trip. No warning no notification nothing. Just cancelled. So I had to pay for another ticket to get back home. There were many people like me on that plane. People from across the world who couldn't even speak English and they were lost and confused. I ended up helping one of them. There is no excuse for this. This is the worst none customer service oriented company I have ever dealt with. Avoid this airline by all means even if you have to pay a little more to go with another airline.
We flew Toronto to Chicago; paid almost $700 per ticket which was very expensive considering it was an 1.5 hour flight. When we booked the flight we thought it was through WestJet as it was advertised that way but in small writing at the bottom it said operated by American Airlines which we didn't see when we booked the flight otherwise we wouldn't have booked it. We had a very bad experience with AA a few years ago and refused to book any more flights with them. This time both flights were delayed. When returning they had oversold so my sister and I volunteered to take a later flight. That wasn't the issue. The issue was the incompetence of the staff; it took them an hour and a half to figure out how to give us our vouchers which is ridiculous because they told us we couldn't leave the gate until they gave us the voucher so we couldn't even go and have dinner or anything. On top of that the rep there kept saying she had no idea what she was doing and this was her first time doing vouchers - then get someone who knows what they're doing rather than wasting an hour just trying to figure it out yourself doesn't give us a lot of confidence in your abilities. Other issue was that they kept changing the gate to the flight (it was changed 4 times no exaggeration) and when we would go up to the desk to make sure it was there every person at the desk was extremely rude and one actually said to us "can't you read the monitor?" and when we explained that our ticket had a different number than what was on the monitor they gave us a dirty look and said that what they had was right (it wasn't in the end which is pathetic). it would be nice that if you were going to change the gates; at least inform people and let them know. Another minor thing was with the flight attendant she was grabbing something from the bin above my sister and her bag kept hitting my sister's head several times; and she wouldn't even apologize even though she saw it happening; she just gave us a look like how dare you sit there and be in my way when she was the one who was in our way. Very rude and terrible customer service. Will never fly again; I am not even going to use my voucher because that would mean I would have to travel again with this airline.
Hope to never fly American Airlines again. I Was flying from Wichita KS to Dallas to my final destination Las Vegas on 5/18/2014. Our 3:00 flight was delayed by almost 3 hours. Things happen so that was not a big deal how the situation was handled is my issue. All passengers with a connecting flight from Dallas was asked to stand in line there were about 40 to 50 passengers in line. There 2 American Airlines Rep working the counters needless to say they were very rude and short. They acted as if they were the one with the problem. They acted as if they did not care if the passengers found a connecting flight or not. I stood in line from approx 1:30 pm to 4:15pm well over 2 hours. Each Rep spent an average of 20 to 30 minutes per customer. At 4:15 2 more Reps appeared from the back however they did not have a clue what they were doing. The first guy told me that all Dallas flights were full and there was nothing available until the next morning and when I arrived in Dallas they would arrange for a hotel for the night. The person in line behind me; also going to Vegas was assisted by a different Rep who manage to find a flight for her and her 3 children. So I went back to the counter and spoke to a different Rep who was then able to find me a flight home that night. Needless to say this whole situation was very stressful and left a very bad reflection on American Airlines.
First and last time I will fly AA. Was "bumped" off original flight without being asked just told "sorry you are now on next flight". Next flight was supposed to be in 35 mins. I told flight attendant that if the flight was late I would miss my connecting flight she said "sorry I don't make the rules". Gentleman beside me said he would gladly wait for next flight as he didn't have a connection to make. She said "no sorry". Of course the flight was delayed and I missed my connection in Chicago. Once in Chicago I was told the next available flight was the next morning and no hotel or food voucher would be provided as it was an "ATC" issue not a AA issue on why there was a delay. What is ATC I asked - Air Traffic Control. AA had lots of people "sleeping" in O'Hare airport and it really was sad when you see seniors in wheelchairs having to sleep in their wheelchair because the cot they received was too low to the floor for them to lay down. Then the kicker is at 4am security is yelling wake up time to move along sleep time is over get moving. As I said first and last time I and many others will be travelling on AA.
When we arrived at the airport all of the other airlines had fairly short check-in queues American Airlines filled up their queue and had a line going 30 yards down the hallway. It seemed that their computers must have shut down because the line wasn't moving. It took us two hours to get checked-in and check our bags. We would have been late for our flight but it was delayed anyway. The delay was over an hour and once we did get on the flight the seats were the most uncomfortable I have ever experienced. Our delayed flight caused us to only have 30 minutes to catch our connecting flight- which ended up leaving 10 minutes early (I am not making this up)- meaning we missed it. They issued us tickets for the next flight 3 hours later. We had confirmed seats on the ticket and everything but when we went to board the plane our tickets got flagged as invalid and we were told by the attendant that we were actually in standby- the plane ended up being full and we were not allowed on. So at this point my wife (7 months pregnant) is about to lose it and they tell us we can possibly fly out at 9 PM that evening. We do make that flight and arrive at our destination at midnight missing our evening plans and exhausting us. Again the flight itself was awful. I had taken 4 advil at this point and still had back pain. Never again American Airlines never again.
Connecting flight from Dallas to Knoxville cancelled for "maintenance". Customer Service agents were clueless and basically no help and really not concerned that the flight was cancelled. Stayed in airport for 5 hours attempting to get on another flight via standby with no luck. Once it was determined I was stuck in Dallas they provided vouchers for a place to stay (can't call it a hotel) and $19 worth of food with the next flight out the next day. After waiting for the shuttle for an hour we finally were on our way for a good nights rest or so we thought. Once we arrived it was obvious this was a pay by the hour motel called "The Night Hotel". Wow This place was basically a brothel built around a night club. The next morning we were waiting on our 5 AM cab ride to the airport and 4 prostitutes came walking through the door. Bottom line I can't believe American Airlines had the audacity to do what they did.
Cancun-Dallas Had a connecting flight from Dallas to Toronto which was delayed for several hours then ultimately cancelled due to "a missing captain". We had to re-book with an extremely rude and unsympathetic Customer Service Agent who told us that the next available flight was 10 am the next morning. We were traveling for a total of 36 hours. We were offered no compensation for the cancellation no apologies no Hotel or Meal vouchers. We had to sleep at the airport on a chair. Needless to say we will no longer ever use American Airlines to fly.
LHR-MIA-LIM-MIA in economy. I expected a poor experience and with the exception of the first leg in the 777-300 they lived up to expectations. Old aircraft with technical issues on both MIA-LIM and LIM-MIA leading to delays in both directions inedible food unfriendly and unsmiling flight attendants dirty interiors cramped seating and no attempt to be of any help. Ate nothing as my vegetarian food requests had been overlooked/ignored (despite it being on my ticket) no apology or attempt to offer an alternative. Overall a very poor partner to BA. The score of 3 is awarded because of the LHR-MIA part of the journey only.
American Airlines needs to work on their sensitivity to breast feeding mom's. They insisted I check my carry on suitcase b/c I was carrying a breast pump. Even when I consolidated my bags to 2 items they would not let me board without checking my bags. Nice!! Oh to be a professional man and not have to worry about airlines trying to put obstacles in the way of feeding your baby even when you travel for work.
Toledo OH to Denver CO via one stop in Chicago (O'Hare) Trip to Denver had one delay of 3 hours at Chicago. May 7 2014 no reason given. Coming back snow storm in Denver delayed the plane takeoff by 1 hour not so bad. However when I got to Chicago the nightmare began. First flight to Toledo was delayed then cancelled. Reason who knows no 2nd pilot was the reason given. Got another flight time. Rain storm came. Two more flights delayed moved to different gate delayed then cancelled. What to do? No hotels taxi line 2 miles long. I left the boarding area so couldn't get back upstairs. Had to spend the night in a hard chair. Finally had to book a flight to Fort Wayne Indiana so I could get home. No flights to Toledo. What a nightmare experience!
Worst customer service I have had. My flight was cancelled today due to reasons that the airline had no control over but the customer service was awful. I was at O'Hare in Chicago flying to Phoenix and departing at 11.35. I left the airport today in Chicago feeling like I got stranded with no help and to fend for myself. I have never had a cancelled flight and didn't know what to do. I followed everyone else and waited to speak to an agent in line for almost 2 hours. When it was my turn to speak to someone they closed the line down and said we needed to go to the booking desk. I had no idea where that was and tried to ask. After being ignored one of the agents snapped at me and told me they couldn't help me unless I was flying to Dallas. They wouldn't even direct me on where I needed to go. I will never fly this airline again after I finally get home tomorrow. Worst customer service I have ever had to deal with.
Flew May 13/14 2014 ONT-DAL-DTW. This was the worst flight experience I've had. The plane in ONT was delayed 5 hours due to maintenance causing nearly everyone to miss their connecting flight out of DAL. We had to wait in line (I waited 1.5 hours) at ONT to get on a new connecting flight out of DAL. The seats on the plane out of ONT were tiny old creaky and uncomfortable and staff were disinterested and unfriendly. There was no "inflight entertainment" to speak of. The worst came however when we arrived at DAL. Immediately upon disembarking we were informed that "there are no hotel rooms left in Dallas". The customer service reps feebly tried to console people with Nature Valley granola bars and cheaply-made cots but everyone was in a mostly miserable mood. I and many others ended up trying to sleep on chairs through the night. Very few people got any sleep. Terrible experience all around. The last time I fly American.
Traveling from Miami to Santo Domingo arrived at the airport approximately 1.5 prior to departure. First you have to queue to help yourself at one of the self-service check in machine. After waiting for approximately 10 minutes we go through the check in procedure experienced some problem and had to get help from the staff member at the check in station. In the end we were unable to check in and were asked to go to the customer service counter. The staff member at the counter asks us to wait and disappears for 5 to 10 min and when he returns he advises us that we are now to late to check in luggage as it is less than an hour before departure and we are talking about 10 minutes now. He advises us that we can fly but our luggage cannot. Only option is to take a flight the next day pay $120 to change the flight and pay for another night in a hotel. The main issue here is the rude attitude of the staff. We can accept that there are rules to be followed but the attitude of the staff is a disgrace. AA have never been a great airline but this experience is by far the worst we have ever experience with any airline. We will do our very best to avoid flying AA again.
LHR-DFW-XNA AA51 transatlantic then American Eagle. I had avoided American Airlines transatlantic for years but thought to give the "new" American a try. Boeing 777-300ER already showing wear and tear in First Class. Cabin was dirty and food was inedible. Also the logic of serving lunch/dinner on an 09.30 flight utterly defeats me. Why not serve lovely breakfast? Crew was keen to get meal service over and disappear for the remainder of the flight. Flight diverted to IAH due to low fuel / weather but almost no announcements from flight deck. On American Eagle flight attendant was rude and not professionally dressed; She wore a crumpled uniform and believe it or not Dutch-style clogs. Overall it is so sad that there is no sophistication nor manner / culture at the "new" American Airlines. Travel on American Airlines is nowhere close to a First Class experience. This is a desperately poor airline but there isn't much choice across the pond sadly. Avoid this carrier if you can.
We took this airline from Raleigh to London because we expected a similar service to BA with which it codeshares. Unfortunately we were so wrong! There is firstly no modern inflight entertainment system for economy class and the food was dreadful. Onboard service was rushed and not very friendly and to top it all we had one of the flight attendants talking loudly with passengers at the back throughout the whole night. Of course that meant that even without entertainment there was also no sleeping for those of us unlucky enough to be in this attendant's vicinity.
LHR to JFK thinking I was traveling on British Airways flight BA1506 only found out I was flying on a codeshare flight with American Airlines AA105 when I got to the airport. Check in was efficient and friendly and the flight was uneventful except for the crew who made the whole experience feel very uncomfortable. I have never experienced cabin crew like it. Its a given that everyone has an off day once and a while but some of the crews interactions with the passengers that I witnessed were uncalled for. Crew were short unfriendly disinterested and deliberately ignored some passengers. At one stage I was made to feel like a huge inconvenience when I asked for a paper towel to dry up some water I accidentally spilled. In the end I had to queue at the toilets as I was informed I was capable of getting my own towels as the crew were busy. When we landed and were disembarking the crew thanked me for flying the New American Airlines. I don't know why BA codeshare with this airline as the service standards are at complete opposites of the scale. When I book my next flight I will make sure I know what airline I'm flying so I'm not on a code share with AA.
Worst airline I have flown with. American Airlines should be branded a budget airline. Flew from JFK to LHR and the experience was beyond belief. Firstly I was charged an arm and leg for excess weight off my bag. Secondly the staff on AA should get training serious training and customer service skills. The food is almost non existent seats are worst in class and the TV's are approx 4inch which are well scratched and used!
I just returned from a trip from Seattle WA to Punta Cana DR and back. I told my husband after the first plane that I would never fly American again. It was 3 planes there and 3 back. The seats were the most tiny and uncomfortable seats I have ever sat in. I am 5 ft 2 and 115 lbs so by no means am I a big person. The staff were awful. I have never met people so disinterested and rude. When leaving Punta Cana we sat in line for 1.5 hours because there was no one there to check us in! Every other airline were getting people through. We made it to our flight in the nick of time. We got there at 4am and didn't get to the plane until 6.25 and it left at 6.50. They were almost done boarding. I do not recommend this airline.
From Sacramento to Dallas 4 of us booked our trip in early January. Final destination Paris France. We tried to select seats but arrived to find our seats changed. None of us together and 1 was the very back where it was so very noisy the flight was miserable. In Dallas we switched planes (again operated by American Airlines) what was supposed to be a 2 hour layover became an 8 hour layover. The legroom was non existent and when the people in front of us tilted chairs back we could hardly move for 10 hours. miserable. I will not support American Airlines to Europe or even to Dallas. I am not sure if they have just gone downhill or what. I must commend the fellow passengers for their tolerance of such a crummy flight.
DFW to MOB flight AA2981 and AA3377 MOB to DFW. On our round trip flight so far 2 of the 3 aircraft's have had maintenance issues resulting in delays missed connections and waiting on standby. We have yet to hear a single apology.
Tampa to Chicago O'Hare on 28 April. Check-in was fast but very unfriendly. Cabin crew were unfriendly and uninterested. Plane was cramped and service was almost non-existent. Only thing offered was soft-drinks. No hot drinks snacks or food available which is pretty poor for a what's scheduled as a 3 hour flight. No entertainment on offer the flight got me from A to B but that's about it. I've had better service on Ryanair. Not a great addition to the Oneworld Alliance.
I am currently sitting at LAX airport and having the worst experience I had with an airline. I arrived in LA this morning by Qantas from Perth-Sydney and upon going through the "Express Connection" I was informed by one of the ground crew members that I would be required to take my luggage and check-in inside the terminal. When I arrived in the terminal I was sent by American Airlines employees to 3 different places to try to drop-in my baggage. When I finally arrived in the last spot (45 min prior to flight schedule time) I was informed that I wouldn't be able to check-in my bags nor take them in the cabin despite having had checked-in on-line prior to going to the airport. She them put my wife and me in "stand-by" list for a flight 2 hours later and checked our bags-in. I was placed in second in the list at that moment (again according to the front desk lady because I am a "One World Sapphire Member" and would be put in front of other people in similar situations. In the half hour preceding the boarding time our name had escalated to 6th and 7th on the list. I tried to (very politely) speak with the lady at the boarding desk 3 times but she in each time she rudely answered "Stand-by I will be with you in a second!" In the end she suggested that one of us should take a remaining seat and the other wait for the next flight. We decided to do that as the next flight seat wouldn't be warrant as well. Everything was dealt in a rush/unplanned manner showing AA have no control to handle such situations. Now I am here hoping to not get bumped again or get stuck in LA for the night after 16 hrs flying from Australia then meet my wife at my destination and go to the hotel to have a rest. This was my first flight with AA and certainly the last one.
I flew from San Francisco to Heathrow on April 26th and found the airline crew working in economy to be both unfriendly and unprofessional. The most senior of the crew had an abrupt manner I noticed on more than one occasion her behaviour towards passengers who accidentally happened to get in her way in the galley area there was no politeness shown in terms of politely asking them to move but eye rolling and heavy sighing. My pillow happened to fall into aisle without my knowledge and I was reprimanded by this senior crew member for allowing this to happen! The crew whilst serving beverages/food would not engage in any conversation or pleasantries with passengers instead they would look right through you if you smiled at them they would not smile back when I exited the economy area on leaving the plane a couple of the crew stood near the exit area and there was again no pleasantries or smiles just silence. Only on leaving the plane did a friendly crew member who I believe had been working in First Class or Business Class speak to me and said 'thanks for flying with us have a good day'. I have flown with many airlines and I have to say that my return flight home with AA was the worst experience I have ever known and because of this I will not be flying with AA again. AA show a video to their passengers before a flight which promotes the technology investments they have made in relation to improving the customer experience. I would recommend to AA that they focus more attention and investment into the training of their crew to provide a better service to their customers.
My recent trip with American Airlines has made me become a United loyalist. I have sworn to myself to never fly American again. The horror started at the check-in at JFK. You'd think if there was a merger between American and US Airways that passengers could check in anywhere. No the quite literally 60 open and manned desks were for US Airways passengers only while the AA passengers had to get in line somewhere off to the side where there were two people working. On the plane a stewardess was sitting on the jump seat in the exit row and could not stop talking to a passenger in a very loud voice. Returning from LA the check-in procedure was hands down the most inefficient system I've seen in my life. Once boarded we had a plane from I don't know when but practically no one's baggage fit in the overhead compartment everyone had to check their bags and the whole thing delayed us by about thirty minutes. The stewardess must have elbowed me in the head at least a dozen times and woke me up once to ask if I'd like to drink something. No thank I was fine just sleeping. Never flying American again.
If you have to fly with someone don't fly with AA. They made me check in my carry on luggage and were unable to open the undercarriage door making me miss my connector flight to Atlanta. I had to stay overnight in Chicago due to their failure. I asked two different employees for a Supervisor and both of them told me there wasn't one. I had to go to a different airline and they got me an AA supervisor. The own AA employees outright lied to me about a supervisor. They scheduled me on a 6am flight the next morning and yet again they had issues. They had defuelling issues on the plane and everyone had to deboard. They are now trying to get us on a different plane. Do not fly with this company unless you want to pay a lot of money for a ticket to arrive a day later and potentially lose your luggage. Worst airline I've ever used so far.
Mediocre service. Just flew from John Wayne to DFW and the flight was freezing. I asked for a blanket and was told they don't have any only to see unopened blankets on every seat in first class. I guess only first class passengers are worthy of being comfort. That really irritated me after freezing for two hours to see that they could have very easily provided a blanket. Really poor customer service. To actually say they don't have blankets when they do and you then see them.
Nothing wrong with the service or the food but on some routes such as Barcelona to New York the planes are old and do not have individual entertainment systems. This means you have to watch whatever film is being shown on the overhead monitors making for a very long trip. There is a huge amount of competition out there so unless AA/US Air get new planes I will not be flying with them again.
JFK-MIA-BOG round trip early-April 2014 in economy. American Airlines staff are consistently rude and grumpy. I am constantly surprised when once in a while there is a ground staff or cabin crew member who are actually polite and helpful.
American Airlines gave away our 3 first class seats on Flight 53 from MIA to DFW on Sunday April 13 despite the fact that we were at the gate 17 minutes before flight time. The agent had already left the with the standby passengers. This caused us to miss our connecting flight to AMA and to have to overnight at DFW. Also one of our party had to fly coach even though we purchased a first class seat. I used to worry that with the merger AA 's customer service would sink to U.S. Airs level. Now I'm afraid the "new American Airlines" will sink to an even lower level. They sent our luggage on to our final destination. I have lifetime Platinum status on AA for having flown over 2.2 million miles with them.
13 April 2014. AA1119 from Boston to Chicago ORD. AA1159 from Chicago to St Louis. There was a major delay due to the weather. So I checked with the crew at gate B30 before I board in Boston. She said AA1159 would also be delayed so it's ok. While I was checking my flight connection the other crew used the microphone and told everyone "If you are woried about your connection don't be." When we landed in Chicago I checked the gate for AA1159 via my phone status "In Flight". The gate was H11B so I went to the crew at H11A see what can they do for me. Since there were no more flights to St Louis they can only schedule me for the first flight the next morning. I asked where I could stay for the night told me I could stay at the gate or she could offer me a hotel for reduce rate. I decided to stay at the gate.
Flight from LA to JAX via Miami was uneventful. Flight from JAX to Dallas was a total different story! Our flight left Florida at 7.20 am. After an hour in the air the captain announced we had to land urgently in Birmingham Alabama. Around 10 am they told us the mechanic was on the way and would take one more hour! By noon they announced there would be a plane coming from Dallas and should be in Birmingham by noon. We would be on our way and arrive at Dallas by 2.30 pm. I called an agent and was told there was only flight available leaving Dallas at 8.30 pm and arriving at LAX at 10.40 pm. We continued to wait and wondered what happened to the plane. The plane arrived in Birmingham at 3.00 pm. We were boarded by 3.20 pm. We were not moving for another two hours. Finally arrived to Dallas after 7 pm. Most of us had missed connecting flights and were told there would be an agent waiting for us at the gate to rebook our flights. There was no one waiting at the gate. I finally got on the next flight out of Dallas and felt lucky to be able to get on the 8.10 flight to arrive in LA at 9.40 pm. Arrived at LAX at 9.30 pm and told there was no gate available for another 20-30 min. We waited on the plane for 1 hr 40 min. I probably will not fly AA again.
4/13/14. Flew from Rochester NY to Chicago. Plane was 45 minutes late due to weather taxiing from far reaches of O'Hare then no crew at taxiway. Missed our connection to Seattle. All flights overbooked so could not get on via standby had to stay overnight and pay for a hotel. Told our first class tickets through Travelocity were really Economy with instant upgrade we ultimately went coach 20 or so hours late. Never again. They did give us two $300 vouchers good for future travel within a year.
We flew Heathrow to Puerto Rico 2 adults and 3 children under 12. When we tried to check-in online there were only 5 paid seats together - the others were scattered around the plane. Clearly we couldn't sit the 3 children on their own so we contacted AA and were told we'd have to pay the extra (£220) and book the paid seats which we did very reluctantly. When we checked in at the desk however we were told we couldn't have the seats we'd booked and were given 5 others which were a 2 and a 3. During the second leg of the trip we were given exit seats which were not allowed for children as we were told they would be 'a good bargaining tool' for swaps. On the return we couldn't sit at all near each other: 3 of us sat on the very back row and 2 at the front of the plane. However AA used BA as a carrier for the final leg - they had automatically allocated five seats together because we were travelling with children and allowed us onto the plane first - a completely different attitude from AA. I agree with former reviews - the seatbelt signs hardly went off on the AA flights which is unacceptable on long-haul. I have claimed a refund for the booked seats which we didn't get - am waiting to see if I'll actually get the money back.
When we used to be able to fly through Chicago O'hare AA wasn't as bad. The last 12 times we've gone through DFW the plane sits on the runway after arrival for 30 minutes every time. This makes even an average time between connections tight. Then we get to our gate and the gate has changed while we're on the skytrain. And too often the flight is cancelled for no known reason. AA changes my seat unbeknown to me until check in which irks me. I do not care for the new 737s. All seats are 3+3 so there are no good rows and already tray tables are broken lights don't work and I don't think they fix them often. My husband is a 'top' platinum so he doesn't have some of the problems I do but he's not pleased anymore either.
Have lived outside the US for 20+ years. Have flown many long haul flights to European hubs and then on to different cities in the US. We usually fly on British Airways (great airline) or KLM or Delta. For the first time was forced (because of a change in flight schedules) to fly on American Airlines from DFW to London (Heathrow) yesterday. So many things wrong: seatbelt sign on for most of the flight despite only occasional mild turbulence. Not acceptable on a 9 hour flight. The flight attendants were not friendly or service oriented. They mostly communicated with each other and acted annoyed when interacting with passengers. or they just sat in the galley. On this long flight a request for another small bottle of water (in business class) was denied: "Only one per customer". They did not come around even once during the night to offer drinks. Unless there is no other choice avoid long-haul trips on this airline. The ground staff were a little better still not customer oriented.
My husband and I have been trying to get home since 4/6/2014 we were booked on a flight at 4.10 after a one hour delay they cancelled it. We couldn't get booked on another flight so we had to stay over. They booked us on flight #2575 at 9.25 then overnight somehow we got cancelled even though we had recheck boarding passes. We were re- booked for a noon flight #2419. Then after being directed to 2 different gates and waiting in the airport for over 12 hours today 4/7/2014 our flights to Albuquerque were canceled. We were sent to 5 different gates during the 12 hours. 3 cancellations in 24 hours it's unacceptable customer service. We still don't know if we're actually going to have a plane at 8.20 flight #1285.
My husband and I were on flight 2224 from Las Vegas on April 4. The airplane was an S-80. We flew first class and were very disappointed. The only difference between first and the rest of the plane was a wider seat and meal. The plane didn't have movies or music. Bare bones plane for sure. Also a constant stream of people walking from the back of the plane to use front lavatory. Also alcohol is plentiful if you drink however I wanted ice tea and that is not an option. Maybe they don't know that it is available in bottles or cans.
Flew LHR-MIA. Seats are uncomfortable Inflight entertainment is below par. Overall its better just to avoid AA by all means.
We flew in from Jamaica to Dallas Fort Worth Texas and our flight was delayed. The biggest problem was that there was little information given to passengers. After 2 hours we found out we were waiting for a crew to arrive from another destination. After being delayed 4 hours we finally got on the plane to sit on the runway for another 45 minutes. The pilot said we were being re-routed due to weather and did not have enough fuel and would have to go back to the gate to refuel. We reach the gate at 2am and wait to only be told the flight was now cancelled. This is where I truly get frustrated with the way things were handled. 150+ passengers are told their flight is cancelled but there is no other flights going into Louisville. You will have to find another way home or wait until Wednesday (6 days later)! We wait in line another 1.5 hrs to try and find a flight close to home willing to drive the rest of the way. The gate agents have been no help whatsoever it was 5.30 in the morning and they offered no cots or anything to us. There were no hotel rooms. They did give us a $12 voucher for a meal. Finally got a late flight almost 24 hours later to Cincinnati but now have to incur additional expense of renting a car to get home. Tried to get on a couple of standby flights but I have noticed that AA overbooked every flight and boots people off so stand by is a joke. Highly disappointed!
Paid $1700 for two seats. Airline website would not allow us to choose seats at time of booking. Return a week later to book and lo and behold only paid seats left. Call Airline and told unless we pay and additional $170 per person we will have to depend on the kindness of others to move seats so we can sit together. This is absolute crap. If you can't book your seats at time of booking then don't buy the ticket unless you're willing to pay additional $$$ to actually get a seat.
We flew from MCO via MIA to Punta Cana. The first leg was fine and for an hours flight every was completely satisfying. The second leg from Miami to Punta Cana was a total disappointment for my first international flight with AA. At the airport I was rejected to enter the lounge as for flights to The Caribbean the access is excluded. This logic I will never understand. The two flight attendants have been absolutely passive in their service and spent their time rather with making jokes with each other or actively ignoring requests such as a glass of water or getting visa documents. One flight attendant had his hands in his pockets at all times - while going through the aisle. I have never been so disappointed from a Business Class flight before. For sure AA will not have me as a customer onboard again and I am glad that there are a lot of options on the US flight market.
I hadn't flown American since the mid-80s when the service varied between passive-aggressive and actively unpleasant. Things have improved since then. The service on two flights - business from Miami to San Jose and economy from Panama City to Miami - was fine and even friendly. But the entertainment food etc show less sign of change.
I was traveling home from Palm Springs CA. through Dallas. Flight was delayed 3 times through e-mail notification before any gate agent was seen. When I asked the young lady about our flight she didn't know anything. After a couple of calls she made an announcement. All I wanted was some info so I knew what to do next. After boarding and taxiing to the runway we were told we did not have enough fuel to make it around the approaching storm. Then the flight was canceled and re-instated in about 15 minutes. After we did land 6 hours late in Shreveport I called customer relations and they were not helpful at all. I was offered $200 toward my next travel.
Only drinks were offered on flight. Not even a bag of peanuts. The man beside us tried to buy food but said they were basically out and we were only a few rows behind business class. Flying from Toronto and connecting in Miami. Lost our luggage on our connection to Costa Rica. Had to wait 2 hours in Costa Rica airport for lost luggage and said would have it later that night delivered to hotel. Wasn't there the next day and had no idea where it was. No one would pick up the phone at the airport. Finally got it the following morning when we were at another hotel 4 hours away. First and last time.
Everything was fine except they did not offer any food in Economy class (you have to pay for some poor snacks). Our flight was at lunchtime. The ticket fare was $500 you'd think they would manage to fit a sandwich or slice of pizza in the budget. The Business Class passengers were served snacks hot meals and free alcoholic drinks. Outrageous.
Flight from RTB to FRA via MIA. Flight departed in Roatan 1hr delayed. After the immigration we missed our connection flight. So we had to rebook for the next day. Finding the airport shuttle to the hotel was very hard without any guidance. Rebooked flight to FRA via DFW was delayed for another hour so we thought it could get close again. So we asked for the gate for our connection flight. After reaching the gate we were told that this is the wrong gate and the flight is delayed or another three hours. All ground staff were rude and not willing to get us asap to FRA. The Entertainment system is not state of the art and sometimes not working. The crew were unfriendly. Food is a joke. Never again with AA.
My husband and I travelled from San Juan to Miami and to Seattle. Nothing was offered in the form of snacks so forget about food. Such a long ride and the seats were very uncomfortable. We had to pay $25.00 for the checked bag. I don't understand how the airlines are getting so cheap. I looked online before I left and it said there would not be any charge for the checked bag. From Seattle to Atlanta and then to San Juan I travelled on the Delta Airlines and we were given snacks.
MAN to JFK on British Airways ticket but American Airlines aircraft. Very old B757 aircraft that has not been refurbished. No seat back screens. Only two choices of meal (three on virgin Atlantic). Very average quality and small portion size. Dessert consisted of a couple of biscuits. Crew were pretty good. No complaints and flight was on time. Seating was cramped. Large number of seats converted to extra legroom but for a premium price.
Flight #1361 BNA-LAX on 3/14/2014. 1st class AM flight and was offered Corn Flakes or Oatmeal? Isn't this 1st class. In this day and age I cannot believe this is the offering. Where is the fruit yoghurt or hot breakfast sandwich? Coach was offered nothing. Nothing to purchase not even a miniature snack of nuts. This was a 5 hour flight. I expect that length of flight to at the very minimum offer a meal that is available to purchase.
LHR-JFK on my way to Rio and I found that the crew were very unpleasant and had a couldn't care attitude. The connecting flight to Rio was cancelled due to technical issues and a hotel was organised but we had a terrible time getting to he hotel as there was no one to guide or direct us. Very unpleasant experience both ways and the food was a joke too - serving a pizza for breakfast! It was take it or leave it as they had no other options. The crew looked so fed up to be there. I am doing the same journey again but this time definitely it will be a different airline.
Stewardesses were extremely rude on every flight. I had 2 connections from Jacksonville FL to Long Beach CA and then 3 connecting flights on the return home. My carry on was well within the measurement requirements and every time it fit nicely under the seat in front of me. The bag carried my pillow so it appeared to be full. Upon boarding every flight I was harshly informed that "it will not fit and would need to be checked." One lady even tried to take it from me. I had to unnecessarily prove on every flight that it did indeed fit under the seat in front of me. After seeing for her own eyes one stewardess rolled her eyes and walked away. The beverage service was less than mediocre. Not one staff member appeared to be happy to be there.
I took AA4244 from DCA to ORD on 3/17/2014. Flight arrived on time but there was no space for the flight to park due to the only one bridge being broken. After waiting 45 mins flight finally got a free bridge. Several people missed the connection. AA could arrange the flight to wait for few mins as they already knew the flight was waiting outside for the bridge but they prefer to give us hotel and meal voucher. This has happened several times on my trip. If I could I would not take such an airline again. Very disappointed.
I would just like to echo the views of A Forrest (Mar 17th). My wife and I have returned from a long weekend in the big apple so endured MAN-JFK return flights over the last few days. The most antiquated substandard long haul flight that I have taken for a long time! I'm not saying that I will never fly AA again but if there is a choice then AA will not be my first!
3 flights with 3 problems in less than a month. First bad weather cancels flight which can hardly be blamed on the airline. Not being able to even reach an agent to rebook for 48 hours and being forced to use an alternate airline to make meeting. Most definitely can. Second sat on tarmac for an hour waiting quite literally for a piece of paper certifying weight and then being forced to return to gate and refuel when minimum safe fuel line is broken was not fun. Having to literally run to connecting flight is even less fun. Especially when a comfortable wait was programmed into original flight. Third went to check in for overseas flight booked by government and after standing in line (no military bypass in system for check in) was unapologetically and without assistance punted to partner airline to stand in line for another hour. Because people who ticket with AA are just supposed to know this - particularly when standard check in procedures block military travel and leaves you stranded. Do the airlines really think making people wait needlessly and unapologetically is a good thing?
Manchester-JFK. Cannot believe there were no monitors in the back of the headrests instead monitors on the ceilings so far away you could barely see. The so called inflight entertainment (1 film for a 8.5 hour flight) broke after 10 minutes of starting and was off for an hour then anyway. When the "food" turned up I was given some cold pasta as there was no chicken left so it was this slop or nothing it was inedible so left it. On the way home there was a 2 hour delay and a gate change from 1 to 35. This time I got chicken but service was done in the dark and again only one film for a transatlantic flight so no distractions there or back which meant plenty of clock watching. This was my first time with American airlines and I can honestly say its the most prehistoric long haul flight I've ever had the misfortune to get on.
I flew from IAH to ORD my next flight was at 9.30 but I couldn't get off the plane because we had no space for the aircraft I told the flight attendant to let them know that I was running late. She didn't care so ended up missing my flight. Poor service poor attitude poor everything!
AA51 on two occasions. 6th Jan and 9th March 2014. As a seasoned traveller countless delays and negative experiences I still go about it with a smile. The negative experiences that I have I often just take with a smile. Not so this time. American Airlines provoked me so much on my last flights with them. I travel often in both economy and business as a paying customer. This time I was in business class with "The New" American and their 777-300ER. The product is great so is the food and the IFE. But the crew of AA are a disgrace. From the moment I stepped on the airplane an aura of unwelcomeness was hanging in the air. The crew were stressed and did not have time for anything but to run. No smiles nothing mostly just grumpy faces. After a dinner service that took forever to get going and that was served with a slap in the face I went to their famous buffèt of snacks to have some water and some fruit. As I did that one of the two flight attendants sitting there asked me: "Didn't you eat already?" I stood there feeling unwelcome. I don't pay a business class ticket to be met by such an attitude. It is simply incredible how unwelcome AA crews can make you feel on their long-haul flights. I'd much rather have bad food and IFE but a smiling friendly and service minded crew.
I booked travel 2 months ago for my wedding. The day of the trip American Airlines cancelled the flight and put me and my fiancee on a flight 10hrs later (in different seats) when they had other flights available that would've got us there sooner. After they flew us to our connecting flight they delayed it another hour. I normally fly with Southwest I will never make the mistake of flying American Airlines again.
The newer American Airlines triple 7 with the 2-5-2 seating configuration is a very uncomfortable in economy class. On a recent flight from Buenos Aires to Dallas/Ft. Worth my legs were touching the seat in front of me and so were my wife's. I am about 6 feet and my wife is 5'8. The American 767 from Dallas/Ft. Worth to San Francisco had more leg room. I do not recommend long haul flights in the triple7 in the 2-5-2 configuration.
I no longer fly American. I was Platinum for 12 years but I can no longer deal with their customer service their change fees and their attitudes. Flying on American is tough enough but if you have an American Eagle leg in your trip you are likely to face delays slow baggage service and attitudes that are even worse than that of other American employees. Eagle will also tend to push your price up I have chosen to speak with my wallet and to stop giving AA my money.
Very bad flight experience. Though I was booked in Business Class the seats and taking care of food preference was horrible. My in seat entertainment system was not working. Also on top of it the control to call the attendant was not working. Even the reading light on the seat was not working for a major portion of the flight I could not read anything. I had in advance booked an Asian Vegetarian meal. I was informed that the meal had not been arranged. My seat was moving I was not sure that the seat was fully in upright position at the time of take off and landing.
This is a comment about the "new" American Airlines (American/USAir). My wife daughter and 15 month grandson flew USAir Express from Washington National to Louisville yesterday for a special occasion. They took off more than 2 hours late because of a broken toilet on the commuter airline (USAir Express). Today they were scheduled to fly back on American Eagle from Lousville to Washington National on a 1.25pm flight. First flight was delayed until 3.30pm and now cancelled with no alternative until tomorrow. So now they are driving back. We will do everything in our power to avoid flying the "new" American.
Can not believe they tout new planes yet can't have a consistent onboard experience. I fly 2 to 3 times a week on AA and I never know what my flight will entail. Poor options for entertainment. If you are lucky enough to have internet on a flight you may or may not have the ability to rent a movie or show which I am happy to do. Yet I get on the new airbus which honestly is just as bad as their ancient md-80's and I can either stare at the broken monitor I was given where the sound doesn't work or like the passenger next me the screen was completely broken and would not display correctly. I get on gogo and it won't allow me to rent anything yet surf on a slow and labored internet connection. How can you not bring a consistent options to those that fly you the most?
AA does not care about its customers or understand why getting customers to their destinations on time matters. AA Flight number 132 was cancelled after sitting on the plane for 40 minutes due to a mechanical issue with the aircraft. The AA flight crew knowingly boarded the entire flight of passengers even though they knew the black box/communication box to the flight deck tower was broken and required repair. Many passengers had a connecting flight out of Dallas Fort Worth airport the destination for AA Flight 132. After 30 minutes of waiting with no information the flight crew informed us that the plane had a mechanical issue and the repair was being made. 10 minutes later the flight crew announced that the repair could not be made and the plane would be decommissioned. Asked to de-plane and had to wait another 10 minutes. Finally landed in Dallas. I ran through the airport and we were able to make the second flight (not our originally scheduled flight) and we made it. Flight attendants on this flight (AA Flight number 2467) were not helpful. No crew member helped us move overhead bags to get our bags up or helped communicate to another passenger to move his jacket down or a small bag that should be under such passengers seat. We finally landed in Los Angeles. We lost the chance to get to Honolulu on Saturday February 8 as planned and paid for. After waiting in line we received our voucher for one night at the airport Holiday Inn in Los Angeles and a $39.00 voucher for dinner for 3 people and an $18 voucher for breakfast on Sunday Feb. 9 also for 3 people (in LAX!).
AA 1122 - horrible plane. Seats were extremely uncomfortable even though the seat next to me was not occupied. If you ever have a choice - never choose this flight from Bogota to Dallas. The in-your-face screen in my seat did not work! None of the crew cared about it.
This was our first and last time will be flying with AA first with the 2 hour delay that wasn't their fault but we did not get a phone call like other passengers there was no cabin crew when we boarded the plane nor did they do cabin check (both journeys). We asked about upgrading to business class we were told it was full yet there were some empty seats and 2 of the cabin crew were in them. My mother and I both paid £75 each for extra leg room yet the 2 sat next us (both journeys again) said they didn't. Boeing 757 UK to JFK several other passengers also complained about how unhelpful the cabin crew were. Will not recommend this service plus delayed 1 hour coming back.
Economy PAP-Ft Laud-Dallas-YVR. First leg ok - on time and crew fine. Got caught in Ft Laud customs grubby facility more than 2 hours to get to an officer (5 on duty) - but US Citizens breezed through their own line while the rest of us shuffled forward. I politely mentioned I was going to miss my connection (no sympathy) and was told "be quiet and stay in line." Got to baggage claim and another massive line to leave - AA agent tried to rescue me and was rudely treated by customs and I was put back in line (I said nothing). From there on a gong show with AA - later and later flights missed connections no one to help at the gates sent into a line for help and told "we are closing - sorry" leave security and come back in and see if an AA check-in is open. Got some polite help from one AA staff - ended up stuck overnight. Next leg to Vancouver in a brand new plane with TVs in the seat (I am used to that on Air Canada) - many passenger asked for - PA announced "this is a new plane we don't know how to operate the TVs either - if you need help ask a young person they might know." Cabin crew were surly and short with very polite passengers. Never ever AA again! Arrival customs in YVR in spacious and attractive area with passport scanners and pleasant officers.
Chicago to Dubai Frequent Flyer on American via LH. Been a loyal customer since the 1980's. It's really a shame how this airline has degraded. The planes I fly are always really old virtually no entertainment system at all if it even works there's no leg room and seats are often old smelly and sometimes broken. On one flight the bathroom floor was cracked. Staff are always great but they have a really poor product to work with and their frustration shows. After all these years finally had enough will be checking out from American after next flight such a shame.
DFW-SEA in new 737 which was refreshing compared to previous AA flights on old planes however the new seats are cramped and feel more uncomfortable than older aircraft. In seat VOD is a huge improvement however it appears that AA will be charging for this in future along with earphones and food. Another downside is that the screen does not adjust. Even with the seat in front not reclined the viewing angle for a person of average height is poor and soon results in a neck ache. There is the question of service or more particularly lack there-of and attitude. This flight was no exception and service was delivered abruptly and with only occasional customer respect. I asked for a cup of tea (complimentary) and was given a cup of hot water and a tea bag on the side. With AA it's a case of get on board (sometimes you're welcomed other times you're not) sit down pay for everything other than basics (and if you want water mid flight go get it but be sure to ask permission if you're not interrupting the staff talking to each other at the back) don't complain then get off (and you might get thanked for your custom from an FA who might be sat on one of the seats - although at least the Captain often thanks you). On the plus side this flight was very punctual and baggage delivered quickly but that speaks more to the efficiency of others.
Flight Zurich to JFK. Very old 767 plane - 21 years - showing excessive wear and tear. Dirty torn carpets and seat covers. Such an old and poorly maintained plane does not feel safe. No entertainment system other than a shaky old style TV hung from the ceiling. No magazines or newspapers provided (other than the thin airline's magazine). Food quality was average - liquor costs extra. The only commendable thing was the friendly crew and the fact that the plane was at most half full. Apparently the word about these run down planes has spread and few people choose AA on a route which also has a direct flight from Swiss. AA terminal at JFK is catastrophic. Luggage takes almost an hour to arrive and when departing the wait time at security was exceeded 90 minutes.
From reading the list of reviews I don't understand why anyone would fly with American Airlines I however am military and am forced to fly what is given to me. Today 21 Feb14 flying on orders from San Antonio to Fort Walton Beach I was forced to pay to have my baggage checked for the first time in 8 years. I fly often and usually have 1 to 2 bags that weigh from 60 to 100lbs and have never been asked to pay. AA seems to have different requirement on baggage weights from state to state. I had no problem with baggage fees leaving Fort Walton but was charged 125 dollars on my return flight departing San Antonio.
March 2014 AA 39 London Heathrow to Miami. AA2438 Miami to San Jose. 16th April 2014 AA 353 San Jose to Miami. AA38 Miami to London Heathrow. Haven't even travelled with AA yet but already we are thoroughly disillusioned. Have travelled business class with many different airlines over the decades and never experienced such disregard. For personal reasons we need a window seat and aisle so the moment we book a flight we go online and book our seats. These are always without fail honoured. But American Airlines have already thrown us out of our pre-books seats 3 times relocating us in inappropriate seats and separated! Each time we have re-books seats but today find they have moved us again and suddenly all other seats are full! We phoned only to be told that they were not prepared to move other passengers despite them being single travellers even though they had moved us three times without reference to our wishes. We are no longer looking forward to our journey and will be avoiding AA in the future.
Flight 2048 MIA to JFK Feb 15th in Coach extra. JFK was recovering from a snow-storm but that doesn't forgive the appalling service delivered by AA to passengers stuck for 8 hours on what should be a 3-hour flight. 1 hour late departure ATC orders no blame. 45 minutes holding pattern somewhere off the coast around DC a further delay. Running out of fuel so we have to land in Philadelphia. Quick refuel and push-back only to stop halfway through because the tow-bar has broken. Then return to the gate for one passenger to deplane no explanation but efficiently and quickly done. Land at JFK at 10.45 pm. No gate held on taxiway get assigned gate but access blocked by de-icing an outbound plane assigned another gate so taxi a couple of hundred yards then stop. Eventually move to gate but another 15-minute delay. Eventually get to the gate and disembark at 12.30 am. Wait for baggage is interminable and at first there is no information as to which carousel it's coming on. I get mine at about 1.50 am and that's marked Priority. In 8 hours on the plane there was one drinks service no additional refreshment except for a hand-out of an oat bar. Inadequate communication from the flight deck as to what was happening once we'd landed at JFK. Appalling behaviour and lack of customer care.
Business Class from Dublin to JFK. Not a great service at all. When we got on the plane the pre-flight drinks were sitting on the table of one of the business class seats. Everything rushed. Hostesses do just the bare minimum required. Earphones faulty. Had them changed and the new ones didn't work. Turns out the socket for the earphones in my seat was broken. So no inflight entertainment for me for the whole flight unless I was prepared for visuals only. Then got a cup of coffee in a filthy cup. Admirals Lounge in JFK is a joke. Pretzels cheese carrots apples some juice and coffee. That's it. You have to pay for anything else at airport prices. Then they looked for $10.50 for a glass of wine. I thought the girl behind the bar was joking. She wasn't. She reluctantly told me that one wine was complimentary and she begrudgingly served it. How can they justify charging Business prices and provide such a sub-standard product? Will never fly with them again.
We traveled Jan 15 - Feb. 14. Our plane was delayed for an hour in LA and another 45 minutes in Chicago. There were only a few snacks available on our flight the TV didn't work properly and when we got home to Flint MI our luggage wasn't there and there was no reason for this because we had to wait for an hour on the tarmac before taking off.
Would not recommend flying American. Yesterday morning I called their customer service/flight status line and requested the status of my flight from Cleveland to Charlotte. The automated system told me it was on time and after I selected the option even texted me a copy of the status stating the same thing. I drove to the airport paid to park went to the counter to check my bag and the counter clerk who was quite rude and non-empathetic said your flight was cancelled yesterday. Meanwhile I receive a call from my wife who says she received a call at home stating my connecting flight out of Charlotte had been delayed but the counter clerk had already told me that flight was cancelled too. No call was ever made to tell me either flight had been canceled. I am sure they would like to blame this on the merger or maybe even the severe weather and quantity of flight cancellations but that is nonsense.
Flew 2/9/2014 from St. Martin to IAH changing in Miami. We were in the first part ("extra legroom" section) of the Main Cabin. On the first leg AA was sold out of Meals for Purchase by Row 11. (Dozens of rows behind - no food upset travelers). During the 3 hour calm flight attendants came down the row once to offer a beverage. Zero customer service. Extremely unpleasant crew. During the Miami layover had to retrieve luggage due to Customs. Plane landed at 6.42pm. Got our luggage at 8.05pm! Others still waiting after us. Baggage Claim personnel gave zero customer service. On the second leg into IAH attendants told everyone that someone forgot to put any liquor/beer on the flight. And again attendants came down the aisle once during the 2.5hr flight to offer a beverage (juice water soda only). Zero customer service. AA has a long ways to go in the Customer Service department.
2/9/14 LAX to Chicago. I am extremely disappointed with American Airlines customer service. Staff were unfriendly and rude during the boarding and ticketing process. During the check-in process I received a message that I had not chosen a seat and was asked to pay an additional $68 for an upgraded seat. From the mobile phone the check-in process could not be completed until this upgrade was purchased. At the airport during the self check-in it was clear a seat had been chosen and no upgrade was needed at that time. Why are the two systems not compatible with each other? During boarding they allowed all passengers to board who did not have roller bags. This then resulted in less space for these roller bags during the boarding process. Flight attendant's allowed customers to place small bags and coats in the overhead compartments. When it came time to board the roller bags there was not enough room for these bags. This could have been avoided had the staff asked these other customers to please remove smaller items and place under the seat. Instead they were then rude to those with roller bags who did not have enough space accusing them of delaying the flight further. This seems like a rather inefficient process and one that should be reviewed to provide better customer service to those flying on American.
ORD to IAH. Check in was a bit of a hassle since the American Airlines staff directed us to a machine kiosk that was malfunctioning. After that hurdle was crossed a slew of others slowly came our way. Our original flight to IAH Houston was scheduled for 3.15pm at 2.55pm (local time) and arriving at 5.55pm the gate attendant told us that the flight had been delayed for an unspecified amount of time. We soon learned that the gate had been changed no announcement by telecom only by looking at the airport television screens did we figure this out. The new departure time was 3:34pm but that didn't happen either so the staff delayed the flight again to 4.04pm. As 4.15pm approached everyone was finally seated on this haggard and small CR7 jet. As we were about to leave the gate the pilot said there needed to be some maintenance and that it would take "5 minutes" to complete. 5 minutes passed and then 10 and then 20. By this time it was 4.25pm and we had yet to leave the gate. At 4.45pm we began taxing onto the runway when another problem arose. There apparently was an electrical failure and maintenance needed to be done once again. Back to the gate we go and by now its 5.10pm. Maintenance fixed the problem and off we go! We finally take off at 5.45pm.
Booked a flight for wife stepdaughter and grandson to visit me in San Francisco from Indianapolis. (IND to SFO). The first leg to Dallas was delayed. They spent 4 hours waiting in Indy to catch a flight to Chicago. Flight from Chicago to San Francisco was delayed. What normally takes me 6 hours with Delta has now taken them 15 hours. When I had long delays with Delta they rebooked on another carrier for direct flights. AA = Anguishing Anxiety.
DFW-BOG on A319: Feb 7th. This aircraft should not fly internationally. Not on a 5-hour route anyway. First class is a complete joke with only 2 rows. The bulkhead is extraordinarily uncomfortable and the last and second row simply horrible as seat cannot recline because it is placed physically against the partition between first and coach cabins. Entertainment? Lots of options If the controls work (I was in two seats and none worked properly). All these in addition to an over two-hours delay (excused by the nasty weather in the USA the last couple of weeks). What did not have an excuse at all was the extremely dirty plane (bathroom was not even flushed when first passengers boarded). AA flights to Colombia have shown substandard service and equipment for the longest. I hope all the positive changes in AA's culture that have started being evident after the merger with USAirways also benefit USA-Colombia travelers. In the meantime my personal advice to AA's Bogota-bound travelers: do not pay Business or First. AA is generally a good value in the back of the plane but not worth pay premium cabin for a substandard product and service into Bogota. I recommend AA anywhere but Colombia-bound routes.
We took our first American flight in 15 years to see if they improved and boy were we wrong. We took a 45 minute flight from Beaumont TX to Dallas TX. We were coming back the next morning the same time. The time for our check- in came and passed as we did not get the normal check-in email. When we checked our status they had canceled our flight. They did not even notify us to this. Then as we were waiting on the phone for Customer service we drove all the way to the airport. They sent us to Dallas fully aware that we were not going to get back home. They placed us on another flight 5 hours later than the original flight. Then I looked online to see what was going on. They weather was around 32 degrees. 281 flights had been cancelled in Dallas. At the time I looked 211 of those 281 were American Airlines.
LAX-NRT Economy cabin B777-200. Have to say one of my worst experiences in a very long time. Were told before boarding the IFE was broken so expect no TV for the next 12 hrs. Boarded an old plane with dirty cabins. Blanket and candy wrappers in my/ my wife's seat pockets. To my right on the other side of the aisle there was a lady with an empty seat next to her. She wanted to fold up the armrest so she could sleep across but the armrest would not stay up which was later solved by flight attendants using masking tape. My reading light was broken. American Airlines truly lived up to what US airlines are famous for - grumpy flight attendants shouting at foreign passengers who merely wanted to find out more about the food they were being served. And while on food absolutely horrible and I am sure anyone on that flight would have described it as such. Same chicken and rice dish for both meals but called different names. Same sauce same meat but one with carrots and onions. Not asking for Michelin- starred gourmet meals but this was just miles apart from coach class catering at other airlines I have flown with for example Cathay or Japan Airlines. If they can do it why can't American. Flight attendants delivering service chewing gum. Signs they were getting a tad too relaxed about their work environment. I am a frequent traveller and do not often (in fact my first time) post reviews but I really think flight deserves American's attention.
Have flown AA F GRU-MIA-GRU several times. It is true that AA has pyjamas in First and better linen but still: cabin is always a bit dirty food is pathetic for first class with $8 wines and cheap whisky. Service has improved a bit they try but far from being a real F experience. On arrival especially at GRU priority tags are just part of your luggage decor: I have lost count of how many times I had to wait much more than coach passengers for my bags. The TAM product is far better and as they join Oneworld soon goodbye AA.
JFK to Heathrow. The flight was needlessly delayed by 3hrs at first not because of any weather or anything but just because it was not "ready" yet and then after we were boarded it was again delayed by 2 hrs. After we landed in Heathrow people who missed flights were not given any sort of lodging etc. This is totally unexpected from an international airline which is considered first rate. I write this comment to let people know what they can expect if they plan on a long flight with AA.
Traveled from Barcelona to NY flight # 67 and paid $89 for what we believed were extra legroom seats. Seats were cramped boarded last no space in any nearby bins for hand luggage plane was ancient didn't even have individual air controls. AA states we booked 'preferred seats' which merely allowed us to choose our seats for $89!
I have flown MIA-JFK on an old B767-300. Flight was full. Seat very old but comfortable and pitch was ok. Entertainment only through overhead screens. I was shocked that this aircraft had the new hatrack design only for premium cabins Economy cabin still had the 90's hatrack design which a) looks very old and b) does not have enough room for everyone. Only non-alcoholic drink service for this 2hr flight. Staff very unprofessional. There seems to be an inconsistency in their uniform. One female flight attendant was wearing - what seemed to be her personal apron that featured dozens of US flags next to each other. After landing in JFK we had to hold at a remote stand before our gate was available. As usual passengesr were standing up and retrieving their bags from the overhead bins despite the captain making an announcement to remain seated. No flight attendant took any action only a Captain in American Airlines uniform travelling as a passenger made assertive requests for everyone to remain seated to which everyone then complied. Also saw a male flight attendant making a call on his mobile phone during taxiing to the gate. Very unprofessional!
Ghastly flight in First Class on AA from PVG to LAX. The flight attendants were very nice. The seat was horrible. Uncomfortable. Had really poor leather padding a very weird need to press a latch under the arm of the seat first in order to operate seat controls. When in the bed/sleep position the seat had a bulging ridge in the middle hinge that made it impossible to lie on. There was no privacy because the seats had no enclosures or partial walls just wide open so that all the lights noise smells of the cabin were omnipresent. Bad lighting tiny hard to move video screen dirty floor cheap broken plastic laminate console patched poorly with silicon putty etc. It was like a really bad business class. Actually I've flown several times in AA's sub marginal business class and as bad as they are the seat padding is actually superior to the first class seats. Guess anyone who tolerates this service has never flown Cathay Pacific. Their biz class is outstanding. Every seat with an aisle seats constructed to provide lots of privacy good lighting headphones mirror private cabinet lots of room really comfortable lie flat seat. I used 67.5 thousand miles for my lousy AA flight.
American Airlines flight 940 on January 3 2014 in Economy from Santiago Chile to Miami. No personal TV like most foreign airlines no headphones available (only for sale) wine and beer for sale only only one choice of meal flight attendants who don't look presentable no free copy of the Wall Street Journal or local business newspaper no after dinner spirits no ear plugs and eye shades and the seat pocket in front had trash from the previous passenger. The aircraft must have been one of the oldest I've flown in years. I will continue avoiding AA as much as I can.
ORD-LHR on 12/01/14 (QR 5288 - Qatar Airways code share). Flown AA many times overall impression has never been wonderful - usually met expectations though. This flight however was a shocker. Clapped out 767. Old CRT screens from the 90's hanging from the ceilings. Each one in the cabin had a different colour tinge. Meals were ok nothing to rave or complain about. Hostesses were surly with a bad attitude. Passenger next to my wife asked for a cup of coffee and my wife very politely asked for a cup of tea as well. Hostess snapped that she couldn't remember two things at once. Very unimpressive crew about as friendly as rattlesnakes.
Currently flying from Boston to Austin (via Dallas) on AA. Flights have been on time and aircraft condition is not bad. However we are flying with our 3 year old twins who are actually very good travelers and have found that AA is not family friendly at all. They do not offer any pre boarding for families with small children. We travel with carseats for the kids because we find that this keeps them calm and contained throughout the flight a benefit for all on board but this takes a few minutes for us to put into the seats when we get on the plane and is incredibly difficult to do with many other travelers simultaneously boarding. So when they oddly did not call families for pre boarding on this flight we went up to the front during one of the many other pre boarding categories (carrying our carseats and our tired kids walking) and asked if we could pre board. We were told that we could not that others had paid for this service and we would have to wait on the side. We waited as instructed and when we got on we found that most of the plane had somehow already boarded and it was extremely difficult to get set up. We got no offers of help from any staff members. This is the least family friendly airline we have ever flown hope we won't ever have to fly it again - we fly a lot even with the kids will try to avoid AA in the future. Also in flight entertainment was broken on our of our flights.
BCN-MIA on AA 113 26 December in economy. Plane - 767 - dirty scruffy and well used. No seat back screens and on the overhead screens the first film started before the crew handed out ear phones - they were too busy preparing their sleeping quarters. Food dismal and when I went to the galley to ask for some water I was told "Wait 10 minutes and we will be round". But the main issue was safety. No pre take off safety check and on landing 2 emergency exit rows I could see were full of luggage on the floor the occupants on one had ear phones in and their Ipads on window blinds were shut and all this less than 2 metres away from a steward. Disgraceful. The staff were the worst I have ever had and to top it all they took 3 days to deliver our luggage. Never again will I fly with American. If I could give a zero rating I would.
MIA-JFK on 7/1/2014 on AA 1510. As with my 2 previous reports dreadful staff who did no safety checks and again blinds down and some setbacks not up. A dismal old dirty plane - 757 - which must have been 20-30 years old. No info provided prior to landing 're connections and when I asked how to get from T8 to T7 was told "ask in the terminal". I was so pleased that our final leg was with BA. And to cap it all American lost my Wife's luggage again. Why BA and other airlines have codeshare arrangements with this dismal appalling airline is beyond me.
SKB-MIA 27/12/2013 on AS 1009. Poor service with no safety checks on take off or landing. Luggage in emergency exit rows and blinds down. We landed 25 minutes early but then had to wait over 1 hour to hook on to the terminal. On dismantling (it was at night) all the lights went out. The crew did nothing no torches at all and to cap it all they were laughing. AA never again.
MAD-DFW Business: Every single aspect of the flight is mediocre and lagging well behind competition. Tatty 767-300ER with 90s interior (claustrophobic even in Business). Caution: if you assume that travelling Business means you can relax and board the last on this Madrid-Dallas route you are in for a huge shock. All overhead compartments designed last century are not capable of storing vertically standard 22" hand carry and as a result they get filled quickly. Crew unhelpful preferring to watch the chaos instead of assisting. Entertainment is only provided by Samsung Galaxy distributed by the Crew but at least the headset is high end (BOSE). Food is the only consolation tasting above average. Did not check any luggage due to fear of losing it at DFW. And here is the final kicker: Admiral lounge at DFW gives you a coupon valid for one drink only the very first time I was treated like a homeless at a Business Lounge. Avoid at all costs.
AA 57 LHR-MIA 31 Dec. Inflight service in First Class seemed friendly enough however the food and beverage suffered by comparison with British Airways. AA serves Dewar's Scotch $20/litre BA Johnnie Walker Blue Label $200/litre. But certainly AA seats while older were lie-flat and comfortable in comparable pods. Where AA fails wretchedly is on the ground in baggage claim and in passing through security in Miami where there is no 'Fast Track' access to ongoing flights. For two years in a row despite flying International First Class with baggage checked and tagged 'Priority' by the international departure airport I waited nearly an hour for the bags in Miami with no American personnel in the baggage claim area to assist and no out source baggage company access to American computers. The result is that a missed or delayed international arriving bag must be reported outside customs and security to AA's baggage service office which does not have access to bags inside customs!
EWR-MIA-SXM. On first leg late arriving aircraft meant a delayed departure and a dirty plane. Flight was saved by excellent FA. Second leg late again no pre departure beverage uninterested FA/crew and filthy bathroom. Food service is rushed and fair at best.
FRA to DFW on 1/10/14. Wife and children (well behaved and quiet) coming back home. No special meal request. Cabin crew went past them on two occasions once during the beverage service and once during the meal service without stopping to ask if they wanted something to eat or drink. They were not even sleeping. Worse was when my wife called them back the flight attendants acted all surprised that my wife and children actually wanted to eat or drink anything! Yes on a 11 hour flight. Incredible.
Trip from Hamilton Bermuda - JFK-IND on January 2 2014. Flight arrived at JFK at 10.40 am and supposed to take- off to IND at 3 pm. Without any announcement or explanation flight has been delayed until 8pm when snow storm started then airplane was de-iced after which it returned to the gate and pilots left. Passengers were given alternative flights the next day - we got 2 tickets on Delta and told there are no vouchers for the delay. We booked on our own a hotel in NYC and next day all flights were still grounded. AA kept us on the phone for hours until we called Delta who changed the ticket for us and we flew the next day home.
Flew from Recife Brazil to Miami. This airline continues to live up to their reputation that they have earned for being terrible. The check-in experience was such a demonstration of incompetence and bad manners by the counter staff. Both the ground and cabin staff were not helpful and rude. They seriously need to undergo training in customer service. They were 11 passengers in Business class cabin and they'd already run out of Beef and seafood by the time they asked me for my choice of food. The food was very bad. The seat was old and the entertainment system did work for some passengers. The staff disappeared by the time they take away the food.
I travel internationally very frequently on business and holiday. My recent flights with American Airlines between London and New York were the worst in years. Rude unhelpful ground staff a website that wouldn't process seat selections filthy planes and truly disgusting bathrooms. Of the seven different airlines I travelled with in the last 2 months American was the worst. The flight crew were also noisy and talked for hours during an overnight flight. I will not use them again.
Flew Business Class from Santiago Chile to Dallas/Ft Worth on a 777. I fly First and Business Class on airlines around the world and I don't have a problem at all with these Biz Class seats and amenities. Even though the seats are angled and not lie-flat I slept like a baby and found the different positions very comfortable. The IFE selection is minimal and not competitive with other airlines but it was decent for the 9.5 hr flight - besides meal time and sleeping took up a big chunk of the flight anyway. Dinner was good with the traditional AA sundae served at the end. This was an 11.10pm departure on an overnight flight so the meal time is odd but I was glad they offered full options. The crew were fine - your average run-of-the-mill crew who have been flying for 40+ years. They don't make any effort to make the Biz Class experience special. AA service levels are average at best and can't come close to what is offered with the international airlines. The Admirals Club in Santiago was crowded and food selection poor. Not recommended.
PAN-MIA-LHR. This flight was delayed and delayed with no information forthcoming. We were eventually informed that it was due to a late incoming flight. The delay was so long that we were eventually told that the flight had to be cancelled because the crew were out of time and they did not have a replacement crew available. We were then told that we would be taken to a hotel room for the night and rescheduled for the next day. The staff did not follow this up with any action and eventually we found out why. They had miraculously found a replacement crew so the flight was back on. Even then we were given the option of flying or staying in a hotel. By now the flight was 6 hours late. We were promised by AA staff that when we got to Miami our onward flights would be rebooked and that there would be buses to take us to a Miami hotel for the night with transfers back to the airport. The flight to Miami was appalling no hot food surly crew. I was given two bags of nuts as a "comp." When we finally arrived at Miami the ground staff were useless one particular individual putting on the best display of passive aggression towards customers that I have ever seen. We were left to fend for ourselves. I got a taxi to a motel and paid my own way. Luckily the hotel had a free airport shuttle the next day.
I was at the priority check-in line for flight 169 LAS to NRT scheduled departure 9.15am. I arrived 2 hours early I thought the priority line should be fast however I waited for 1 hour and was still waiting. From early morning there was only one 1st class counter opened the 2nd one was opened at 8.15am. The line was very long slow and chaotic. One agent tried to organize it so that the passengers waiting would not obstruct the walkway she had to repeat the same message again and again to every passenger that joined the queue. What a waste of man power and inefficiency.
CDG to JFK. Flight bought at the last minute at a very reasonable price. Of course you get what you pay for. The plane (B767) looks good from the outside (new painting). Inside it's so old that I can't even remember the last time I've been in such an outdated plane. The overhead compartments were so small that even my bag pack could not fit in. No need to talk about inflight entertainment as there's barely any. It's just a few central screens with two movies played. The funniest is that business class seats apparently don't have inflight entertainment either as before we landed the crew mentioned that they would be collecting portable devices in business class. The seat was of course quite worn out and not that comfortable. At least the food was not that bad. I expected much worse after boarding the plane. Maybe it's because it was made in CDG but the pasta I ordered were tasty (even though the portion could have been bigger). What struck me was how non existent the flight attendants were during the flight. They showed up to bring the main meal and the snack before arrival in JFK and that's about it. AA had reserved the last three seats of the plane for them. Two of the FA's spent the flight on those seats while the third one remained hidden behind the curtain in the galley. You didn't feel welcome to ask for refreshments during the flight. Anyway all in all American clearly offers a substandard product. The worst product I've seen I think is that of US Airways. I can't imagine what the merger of the two will produce.
LHR - DLW - Reno. Major complaint is seat allocation. Booked flight for 6 including 2 children under 7 6 months ago. Online checks appeared to show a group of 6 seats allocated together. At check in for return flight we were told that no allocation had been made and that only 3 groups of 2 seats were available. I thought that seating for family groups were a prime consideration. How naive of me. Other airlines such as Virgin can manage this simple task! DFW to Reno leg used an old Mcdonnell Douglas 80. In each direction the family were placed right at the rear where the engine noise was fearsome throughout the trip. Incidentally why not load the rear first to avoid the constant queuing to get on board and luggage stowed when loaded from the front?
I was booked from JFK to GRU on AA 951 on Jan 3 2014. American Airlines cancelled the flight without explanation and provided no alternatives. I scrambled to find a replacement flight on my own and got a seat on AA 919 from JFK to GRU the next day Jan 4 2013. I checked in more than 3 hours prior to the flight and went to the gate where staff were simply milling about. No boarding announcements until one of the American Airlines staff said that "The plane (which had arrived a day earlier) was at the hanger" when it should have been at the gate. Time of departure was pushed back 30 minutes then another 30 minutes then another 30 minutes and so on until it was 3 hrs late! As a result we could not go anywhere but had to stick around in case the flight suddenly started to board. When it was time to board the famous rudeness of American Airlines staff reared its head. The gate staff started barking at passengers about boarding the aircraft efficiently. The head of the cabin crew made a similarly rude announcement that passengers should take their seats quickly. The only saving grace was I finally asked for an upgrade and got one. Still even in a higher cabin the service was poor by notoriously grumpy flight attendants. We landed several hours late in GRU and had to wait a long time for ground staff to bring the moving bridge to the plane! The only reason I stay with American Airlines is for the frequent flier miles.
Recently landed from DFW-LAX-SFO. On my initial flight from DFW to SFO most things in comparison were fine however the quality of first class compared to Virgin is excessively disappointing. There were a lot more passengers in the first class then ever the FA was running around endlessly and even forgot to give us a cookie or even a snack with our drink. On the return trip the service was much better but did not offer any pre-flight beverages. On the last leg they even failed to grab my coat and hang it up for us. Overall Virgin America still has true First Class seats the new AA first class are more like business class with amenities. The food is quote mediocre but better then before.
Wanted to fly from ORD to CLE and decided to take AA for the first time after having had bad experiences with them a few years ago. Flight was canceled 1 min before departure without any information and now have been waiting for 7 hours to get my bag returned. The ground staff are rude and unhelpful if this is suppose to be the new American as they advertise it then I think they should over think their business model.
As noted in previous posts the American Airlines of today is in the midst of a steady decline. The AA of the 70's and 80's is now just a distant memory. This week I had my 17 year old on a flight from from ORF to DFW then to SGF. Easy connection and my son knows DFW very well and can get around pretty easily. While tracking the flight it was diverted to Charlotte. Reason was weather in DFW. Delay after delay now became a mechanical issue. So arrive DFW 2 hrs late. Needless to say he missed the connection and with Christmas there are no other seats the rest of the day until 9am the following morning. If I had not acted quickly and did some pleading with AA I was able to get him to XNA 7 hours late. So all in all AA is just nothing but a band of misfits and poor maintained aircraft. My son made it to XNA where a relative picked him up and delivered to SGF 2 hours away. Picked up bag next morning in SGF.
It is almost laughable that AA is a part of Oneworld when the service standards of AA are not even close to its alliance partners. I flew LAX-NRT yesterday - disinterested and poorly-dressed cabin crew small and uninspired meals and an entertainment system that could have been considered to be state of the art in 1990. Each time the fasten seat belt was on there were no safety announcements and passengers and crew wandering around the aircraft during turbulence. It was such a pleasure to board a Qantas aircraft for the remainder of my journey.
This airline continues to live up to their reputation that they have earned for being terrible. I arrived at my connecting flight 10 minutes early only to be greeting by the agent who says "we gave your seat away because you were late" then proceeds to close the door. I was 10 minutes before departure time! I am a Platinum customer! American knew I was coming. Being a customer much less one with status means nothing to American.
Had reservations for San Francisco - Miami and later on Miami - New York La Guardia on my 3 weeks USA tour. The SFO-MIA flight started badly where all passengers were standing in a long line 5am in the morning with no open check in counters and self-check in unresponsive. Some passengers overheard AA staff state that the flight will be delayed however I saw that all was according to plan on all screens. Ground staff finally came and they denied any delays. Self check in either couldn't read the passport scans or simply loading into oblivion with an error message at the end. AA staff was more concerned only with payment for checked in baggage which for a non US passenger is considered unacceptable. Check in was chaotic to say the least and the First class counter looked even less organized. Only after everyone was checked in the flight jumped from 7am to 8am and in an hour the flight was delayed to 5.30pm! No explanation or apology. Only 1 agent handled the full flight rerouting people with onwards destinations but no interest in assisting any of the passengers who have Miami as their final stop. No apologies no assistance no accommodation no food for a 10 hours delay! The afternoon flight was boarded on time on an ancient B757 that seemed to still have technical problems as we learned from the crew. We stayed on the tarmac for another 90 minutes. Plane old and showing its age with interior from the 80s and an inaudible flickering screen leg room acceptable. Crew incredibly chatty amongst each other. Non visible cabin presence. Flight from Miami to New York as well an ageing 737-800. As they again charge for checked in bags all bring oversized bags onboard causing a less than civilized situation where there is NO space for all the bags thus delays in checking those bags and taking them out of the cabin. Again no food onboard for a long flight. Will never consider this airline.
Will never fly with this airline again just dreadful. Manchester to JFK and back just one film each way overhead TVs in the aisles not seatback. Poor food terrible tea coffee not much better staff looked worn out and as if they wished they could be anywhere apart from working on those planes. Delayed 2 hours on the way back. Two hours sitting on the plane is no fun. Obviously no contingency plan there then! Next time I'll just fly to Heathrow and fly with Virgin.
Having just flown American Airlines for the first time from JFK to London Heathrow I can honestly say AA are a contender for the worlds worst airline. From the state of the plane to the poor quality of the food to a laughable 1970's entertainment system all compounded by a disinterested flight crew. As a regular intercontinental traveller used to flying airlines such as Emirates Singapore Qatar etc I was truly shocked by how bad AA really are. What made it funny was reading the CEO's editorial in the inflight magazine his goal of being the worlds best carrier is a long way off.
My trip from Toronto to Bogota has not happened yet as the connecting flight from Toronto to Dallas was delayed due to mechanical problems based on what we were told and they did not allow us to board the flight. The AA reps had us wait in front of different counters for more than 5 hours without resolving anything to more than 20 people. In addition they had to handle the receiving flights. The staff was rude and not friendly at all. I gave up and agreed to have my trip delayed by one day losing one entire day in my vacation plans. I hope today it will be different. I will never use this company for my business trips.
To start with my departing flight to Dallas was canceled due to bad weather. The AA rep couldn't have been less helpful. In addition when she re-routed me the new flights had no first class seats. Therefore I expected a refund to fly coach. They refused because I supposedly got a special rate which was still more than double of the coach rate and I was not eligible for a refund. On my flight home the first class section had no TV or movie and had nowhere to plug in my headphones to listen to music. My best advice is to fly United.
Recently flew with American to and from Key West FL. It seems overly obvious that this 'old' airline is staffed with employees who are looking forward to retiring. Late flights unusual delays on the tarmac fake smiles and just the feeling of being on a cattle car. The days of friendly flight attendants is but a fond memory.
AA 922 from La Paz (LPB) via Santa Cruz (VVI) to Miami. This flight is constantly delayed or even cancelled. Most of the time due to technical problems which means that airline politics put cost control above performance and well above customer satisfaction. Always try to find a LAN flight before travelling with AA.
Thursday evening they cancelled my son's flight to DFW (due to weather) I held on the phone for 1.5 hours and even though he was flying as an unaccompanied minor and they could see I was on another flight to a foreign country at the time they wanted me to pick him up and take him back to the airport later. My friends husband came to the airport to take my son so he could then take him to his new 2pm flight. I waited in line at the airport I was flying out from for a gate agent to fill out the paperwork pay the extra fee etc. but no one was even at work at the gate. I have to fill out paperwork for my son pay and still get to my own flight and through security. My son was put on a flight for that afternoon then makes it to Dallas. Today I come back to the country and when attempting to board my flight from MIA to DFW I am told I can't take my bag on that has already been on 4 American Flights since Friday. They called final boarding. She proceeded to tell me now I wouldn't be getting on that flight. The supervisor eventually put me on a standby flight for 6.50 am since I missed the 8.35 pm flight I was supposed to be on the night before. They told me I was welcome to sleep in the terminal. At this point I don't know if I'll get on the flight in the morning since I'm standby and they wouldn't assure me a seat.
Flew ORD-MIA last week onboard AA1252. First remark: I got a reward ticket using my AAdvantage points and I must say that contrary to what happens with many other carriers a free ticket with AA is really a free ticket as I paid only 2USD for taxes and that's something I really appreciate. Flying AA is a very basic experience though: plane was a B767-300 freshly re-painted but about 20 years old even if the seat comfort is okay for a 3hour flight. No entertainment just scattered small screens and no meal provided for free just drinks. Having to pay USD 25 for checking your bag is something I really do not understand but it is a general policy of US carriers. Crew professional and quite friendly and a very talkative captain. Left and arrived on time with no mechanical problems happened as in the 50% of the AA flights I had flown in the past (total-10) so no complaints at all this time and I will consider to fly with them again for domestic flights in the future.
I am appalled by AA's ticket and baggage agents! Today my 76 year old Grandmother flew on an international flight from JFK to POS through MIA and from check-in to arrival was treated extremely poorly. This is a trip we have given her every year for the past 10+ years. But from check-in at JFK - the AA agents were rude and gave the impression as if we weren't worth the time. The trip began at 3am since her flight was scheduled to depart at 5.40am - I personally booked her round trip ticket and re-confirmed the requests for wheelchair service an aisle seat and extra legroom days in advance. None of these requests were listed on her reservation and when we asked the agent if she could try to accommodate in any way we were give very abrupt and snide no's. The wheelchair took 20 minutes to come. Baggage clerks - instead of checking her bags and placing them on the conveyor we were told that she had to carry them to the gate and place them on the conveyor herself as "they aren't paid to do so". Her transfer in MIA was exactly the same - no wheelchair assistance listed on the system and in order to make her connecting flight my Grandma had to walk a distance - from her arrival gate to the departure gate. Never again.
Flew from Seattle on December 3rd. Arriving to Chicago we have found that our flight AA4250 to Hartford has been canceled. The AA representative has claimed that it is because of weather which was impossible to believe as practically all the flights to New England had been on time. We realized lately that they canceled it due to small amount of passengers. This is how American makes its money: they lure people with low price and convenient time and then cancel the flight when there is not enough passengers shifting the cost of the night stay transportation and the rest to the customers. Shameful practice. Ultimately unreliable.
I would never have booked a flight with American Airlines had I known what a pain they are and how much they lack in customer service. I ended up taking the loss and canceling my flight to book with United Airlines. They don't have ridiculous change fees (200$ - more than my ticket cost) and they have people who actually care to help you and listen to what you say on the phone. American Airlines needs a serious makeover and judging from the hundreds of reviews previously posted saying similar things and not recommending the airline as well I am not the only one who thinks this.
Had to cancel my trip because of American's multiple delays. They called awakening me at 3am advising my flight was delayed until 12pm from its original time of 7.15 am. I arrived at the airport to self check in for my boarding pass because I couldn't print online due to the change. There was one person servicing people for "self- check in" in one line. So if people needed to check bags they were in the same line as those who did not need to check bags and only needed to get to the kiosk to obtain the boarding pass. An American employee should have been there to redirect people who needed only boarding passes and have separate lines. I stood in line for 30 minutes to get to the kiosk and obtain my boarding pass with no bags to check. Service attendant appeared incompetent to other customers ahead of me. The service was very slow with no pleasant smiling faces. Further I learned when I got to the gate that Flight 1202 again delayed another hour for 1 pm. Then I receive a voicemail that the flight again delayed until 5 pm and that I would arrive in Dallas 10.10 pm not to arrive in CT until Thursday at 12 noon. That was also not guaranteed. I needed to be in Hartford CT by 8 am. Hence why I scheduled the flight for early morning departure the day before. While I received a refund I didn't make my conference. They offered no alternatives to get me to CT in time on Wednesday. They only offered me an overnight stay at DFW airport red eye at 1.25 am with no sleep for arrival at my conference at 12 noon more than 4 hours late for the conference. Every time I deal with American there is always something. I will not fly American again.
Flight that we were boarding in Denver arrived late we only had 53 minutes of layover time before our next flight in Phoenix. The flight attendants at the gates were informed we 4 along with 16 other passengers were going to miss our connecting flight due to the late arrival. 16 people. When we arrived in Phoenix to my surprise our connecting flight departed on-time we arrived 20 minutes late. 16 people late due to a late plane arrival/departure nothing any one of us passengers could have prevented. Naturally we proceeded to the customer service desk. I received a 100$ voucher for a flight costing more than 500$ no food or drink? 16 of us disgruntled passengers slept in the airport. I will never fly them again.
