I'm extremely unimpressed with Spirit Airlines. I understand that they're trying to be a low cost budget airline, but I still believe that it's reasonable to expect some level of competency. First, the flight really isn't that much cheaper, if it is cheaper at all. You have to pay for every piece of luggage (except for 1 backpack), plus seats if you don't want a random seat, and drinks (including water). If you're 6'4" like me, the only seats that really fit you are the exit row seats, which run you between $20 and $40. One checked bag is $40 per trip (which was actually cheaper than bringing a carry-on for the flight I took). Plus drinks are another $2-4. Which means, if you have a lay-over and you're doing a round-trip, you'll be spending about $100 more for the flight, which makes it just as expensive as any other airline that isn't trying to be ultra-budget (at least for the flight I took). Combine the cost with the fact that they had to cancel one of my connecting flights, making me a whole day late, and top it all off with their really annoying advertising, and what you'll get is a very annoying trip. My recomendation: don't fly Spirit. 
Just because they advertise a low airfare, doesn't mean you're getting a good deal. Read their policies and guidelines before you book. They charge anywhere from $26 to $100 for a carry-on bag. Seat requests are anywhere from $1 to $199. If you don't bring a boarding pass, they'll be happy to charge you $10 to print one for you. Want refreshments? Pay up. If you're overweight or extra tall, good luck in their "cozy" plane. However, you can save money by purchasing their $9 Club membership for $59.95 and $69.95 annually, and does not guarantee special fares. Used them once, won't use them again.
Any flyer who thinks they can save money with the airline will be faced with a rude awakening by their "charge for everything", even a small cup of water costs $3.00. There is a fee for everything, I mean everything. It was my first worst experience with the airline and will be the last. 
The plane was dirty. Empty potato chip wrappers and candy wrappers everywhere. Their instructions on safety equipment down on the floors scattered about. The flight down landed in time but was uncomfortable in the small seats with very little room to move. When we returned back to Latrobe, my family of six was scattered about the plane separated from each other! The plane was full and more dirty than before. After we got settled they arranged for one of my kids to sit by me finally. From talking to everyone on the plane, they were all sitting with their families and didn't have to pay for it. Their reservation like ours was booked at and paid for at the same time. A horrible experience!
Horrible customer service. First there was a 2 hour wait at the ticket counter causing several people to miss their flight. I paid for the hotel out of my pocket because they will not give you a voucher. On the next flight almost a 3 hour wait at ticket counter I got the 4 hours in advance this time I got on my flight only to arrive in Houston with no bags. 
Cons: Did not have Pre-TSA available. Limited flights per day from DFW to OAK and did not serve any surrounding airlines. Did not provide complimentary drinks for a 3 hour flight. Charged extra for carry on. Did not carry over baggage bought online to a separate flight if missed your flight and you paid in advance for baggage forcing you to pay once more! Pros: Flight attendants and pilots did their jobs. Seatbelt worked.
We thought that searching we would find a reasonable rate. We thought it was Spirit. Then we were charged $40 for each check in bag each way 2 bags $160. We paid extra for leg room what a joke that was, $18 each seat each way $74. We paid for any beverage or food. Even water. If you used an agent to check in extra $10. We could have used any other airlines example Delta and with more comfortable arrangements and it would have cost less.
The "lower fee" quickly surpasses competitors once you check a bag, pay for a cup of coffee or add any of the other options. But my real objection is the 35-40 minute wait for baggage upon landing. They charge for carry on, so you don't really have a lower cost option. Hey Spirit - how about hiring some personnel to actually allow me to leave the airport within an hour of my scheduled arrival time? Not flying you again - at least the others treat me with some minimal human respect.
I have flown Spirit before numerous times, and have always tried to stay positive when I continuously heard people saying they will never fly the airline again. This trip with my wife to Las Vegas was the straw that broke the camel's back. To get things started, they emailed to let us know our outgoing flight was delayed very early. The flight was scheduled to leave at about 8 pm and they emailed around 1 pm informing us of the delay. Since we live about 90 minutes from the airport, we moved our day's plans back a bit, only to have them email us 5 more times eventually telling us the flight was almost back to the same time originally scheduled. Then when we got to the airport, the flight was delayed about 6 more times. We were supposed to arrive in Las Vegas around 10 am but ended up getting there around 1.30 am. It was a joke. Then came the good part, our return flight was supposed to leave around midnight on a Saturday. My wife had a very unfortunate medical emergency, and there was no way we could even think about the flight when there were so many unknowns. As soon as she became stable Sunday morning, I immediately called Spirit and was put on hold for 45 minutes. After this ridiculousness, the phone began ringing but instead of someone addressing my concerns, I was hung up on. We had no choice but to go online and book flights back with another airline, as she had to be at orientation for a new position that Monday. When I finally got a response from Spirit (about 10 days later via email), it was simply stated that their policy does not permit any refunds or vouchers, but I was assured my concerns would be relayed to another department. You get what you pay for, well actually you don't even get that with Spirit!
Upon boarding, we were told it would be a 15 minute delay. Then after 15 minutes another 20 minute delay. Then after that it would be a 3 hour delay because of mechanical problems. The customer service rep did not know if we could get a refund, or hotel. After 4 hours (around 6pm) they told us the flight was canceled. We heard 6 different stories. Finally told to go back to the main check in and rebook. Well by the time we got to main check in all of the flights for that day and the next day were booked. It took almost 6 hours of being in line before we were served. This was Sunday. So it was a chance we couldnt get another flight with Spirit until Tuesday or Wednesday. At 1am I was booked on a 6.15 am flight with another airline. Also, I had to pay $55.00 for a carry on with Spirit? That was my first and last time to book with this airline. From what I was told, the plane seats are small and you pay for your water, juice and soda. I know mechanical issues happen but with not enough planes to accomodate for the stranded, its not good.
I decided to go with Spirit because of the price and didn't realize all the fees. You have to pay for everything, even water. The flight was late going out. We waited for our luggage for about an hour. On the return trip plane was late again. On arrival we sat at the terminal for half hour because their contractors to unload the plane were not there. Again we waited almost an hour for the luggage. 
Our flight was delayed and we missed our connection. The next flight they could get us on was two days later and they refused to pay for our hotel or the costs of the layover. Being working adults we were forced to book and pay for new flights home with another airline for the following day, pay for hotel and additional dog care and miss a day of work. When we asked why they couldn't help us they said they could lose their jobs. What about our jobs? No regard for their customers. 
We were delayed because of "bad weather" yet we arrived at PR and asked several of the other airlines if they had to cancel flights and all answered no! Spirit charges $50 per suitcase - the highest of all. Because of our delay we missed our connecting flight which left us at the airport for over 6 hours, with a cancer patient and weren't even given the courtesy of a bottle of water. It has now been 3 days from travel date and our baggage is missing and there is no accountability for them. It is much cheaper to use any other airlines in the long run.
I was delayed 4 times on my original flight. We were supposed to leave at 7.35pm and arrive in Los Angles by 10.45pm. We were delayed 3 times and we were finally able to board plane at 11.00pm. We were then told to un-board plane and that the flight had been canceled, all they could say over a loud speaker. Between retrieving your luggage and standing in a line wrapped around the airport, it took approx 4 hours. I was traveling with 2 small children and this was totally unacceptable. They then gave me a flight for the next day for 7.35pm! When I arrived on time for this flight it was again delayed 3 more times and we didn't end up leaving the airfield until 10.00pm that night! 
"We apologize." "We're sorry." Two simple phrases that acknowledge that while some things are beyond control an airline can still sympathize with the repercussions to their paying customers. Spirit seems to not have 'sorry' and 'apologize' in their vocabulary. Instead, during a very orderly and calm boarding process we were treated to the gate attendant screaming at us saying she "wasn't going to have any mess or pushing or choking because she didn't want to deal with it." Then when we board the plane we're informed that "we should just be grateful that the plane is flying at all, because it didn't have to." The other less expensive carriers out there manage to display good service and have friendly staff. We, the airlines' customers have choices - and my personal choice will be to never fly Spirit again. 
This is the worst airline in the system. There is no customer service. The flight was delayed an hour with no notice. They charge for everything - seats to luggage to water. We were squeezed on the plane. The flight attendant made a joke of shutting down equipment before take off. Even the signs don't look professional, they look like a child created them. While I am sure they are trying to appeal to a younger buyer, the chosen look of the web site and also signage looks like a video game. you a try, never again. It sound like most people that have given you a try are done too.
Did not enjoy my trip. I've never had to pay for snacks on board. Also on my connecting flight, I had to combine my two carry-on bags into one or pay a 55 dollar fee. Seats were uncomfortable and I will never fly Spirit again. It's supposed to be an enjoyable experience not a guard my wallet all day experience.
I could not believe that they charge a whopping $55 for me to carry my own carry on bag on to the plane. I also had to pay another $55 on the return flight. On top of that, Spirit charges for the smallest snack and then we didn't even have an option to watch a movie. So much for the discounted fare. I'd rather pay a higher plane fare than be robbed on baggage fees with an option to at least watch a movie.
Flying with Spirit was the worst experience. The co-pilot was missing for 2 hours. Flight was delayed 2.5 hours. Our return flight #654 from Portland to Chicago was cancelled because the pilots were late and they are not allowed to fly for more than a certain number of hours without rest. They did not have courtesy to notify the passengers. Customer service at the desk was poor and not courteous, and the attendant looked angry the whole time. No accommodation or compensation was provided. They lure you in with cheap ticket prices, but have many hidden fees. They make you pay for a carry-on and they don't even give you water on the flight. The airplanes are also very dirty and cramped.
My first time flying with Spirit was July 15, 2015. My flight was scheduled to depart at 5.15 am to Ft. Lauderdale, Fl then transfer to Cancun, but due to their systems being down everyone on flight was checked in one by one. We didn't take off until 7.30am. We had to change flights at Ft. Lauderdale, Fl to Cancun but since flight was late we were told by Spirit that there were no other flights until the following day so the best they could do was put us up in a hotel. I lost out on a day from my vacation, not to mention money and time. There was also an issue with the flight home. I reviewed Spirit Airlines and nothing but negative feedback. Their slogan should be: Less Go, More Money.
The flights are always delayed, always late, I waited for 1.5 hours on a flight just to taxi out. Guess the airports don't want Spirit to fly either. Once you buy your tickets the airlines will never work with you, changing costs more than the flight and you can never understand the agents. I would never recommend or fly again with them.
Won't travel Spirit again unless there are no other choices. The website is very difficult to use, with more focus on selling their credit card than their travel services. When I finally gave up trying to find a means to email my question and decided to call with my problem, I couldn't find a phone number on the website. After paying for one piece of luggage and seats in the exit row, my fare was comparable to the "full service" airlines. The flights, however, were not even close. There was one person at the check-in counter, and she wasn't going to move any faster, no matter how long the line got. After paying $70 round trip to sit in the exit row, I ended up being squeezed into my seat when the flight attendants moved the largest, bulkiest passengers from other seats into the unpurchased exit row seats so they would be more comfortable. I paid to be more comfortable and was not! That was probably the most annoying part-even more so than the hours-long flight delays, broken tray tables, seats that don't recline. I'll pass on Spirit going forward.
I've never experienced anything like this before. 2 hour flight delay just to then be delayed another 45 min for plane maintenance out of Fort Myer. Arrived in Atlantic City to find out our flight to Chicago was cancelled due to weather. This is mid summer not winter - no weather issues. Spirit reps couldn't get us (traveling with a 7 month old baby) on a flight until Monday afternoon, this was Saturday. Spirit did not give us any vouchers even though we were delayed, delayed and delayed for maintenance and then cancelled. We had to rent a car and book a hotel for 2 nights in Atlantic city. Obviously we live on a tight budget (we flew Spirit thinking it would save us money). Spirit charges you for everything. Asked for water to make the baby bottles, charged $3 just for water. The cost for carry on and checked bags is a rip off.
Stuck in Vegas on our way to Detroit. Flight was cancelled, but when Spirit staff were asked what was going on and what the plan was to get inconvenienced passengers to their destinations, they were closed mouthed and refer everyone to a small charter line trying to route passengers to other airlines. Rumor has it could be late tomorrow evening before we can get out of here. No offers for comps, no apology - nothing. We should at the least be refunded any prepaid baggage and seat assignment fees. 
7/19/15. My wife and 5 year old child were scheduled on the last flight from LAX to Houston, TX on 7/19. Their flight was delayed and they were advised the plane would be repaired in 3 hours. Once the 3 hour mark arrived passengers were then told the flight was canceled. Once being notified of the flight cancelation the airline left only 3 employees to handle all of the rescheduling of flights for their Spirit passengers which is "their customers" which wasn't enough to handle the multitude of issues. My wife and child are still in line as we speak and have been for an additional 3 to 4 hours due to the lack of manpower and without complementary water at the least for the children. I say children because the trip was regarding a talent show case that several children attended from the Houston, TX area.
I book my entire vacation package thru this airline website. There was no update from the airline website about the delay. I tried to contact the customer service to talk to the representative after holding me for more than 20 mins they hang up with an automated message "we cannot hold you any longer please call back". I again tried two times and same message. When I went to the gate I was told that the flight was delayed until 11.30 pm then 12.10 am. Finally all the staff at the gate left and then there was an announcement at 12.10 am that the flight was cancelled. Was asked to go the front desk, when all the passengers were asking the questions at the front desk the staff was yelling at the passengers so rude. I called the emergency number, a gentleman spoke to me got my details and said one of the representatives will call me. It has been a month and no one has called me. 
By the time they added additional fees for seats and luggage, it didn't seem to be much different in price from other airlines. The seats don't recline very well and when you do, your causing the person to be even more uncomfortable as the seat limits their leg room. The seats are uncomfortable so if you have any physical ailments such as knee or back issues consider yourself in pain. The leg room is a joke and they pack you in like sardines. No water or anything. The cleanliness is poor too.
I love saving money, however this airline is certainly no frills. Don't expect a drink of water. Also, it's cheaper to check a full size bag than it is to check a carry on. You are allowed one personal item. I've seen people with a bag that looks bigger than a carryon and they are not questioned, however, others are told that they must put their purse in their personal bag they are carrying on as it is also counted as a personal item. You never know what will transpire. Also, flights can be cancelled at the drop of a hat and they certainly have little consideration in rebooking you. Never fly this airlines without atleast a weeks extra supply of any necessary prescriptions and extra cash resources as you can be stranded for a week. One last complaint, their website is horrible! Every time I try to use it, I end up creating a new password as it never recognizes the old one! I still fly it because it's cheap!
This was the worst experience I have had on an airline. You definitely get what you pay for and you continue to pay for your bag, your check in, your snacks etc. The lack of communication with the passenger and the total disregard of people's time is what I have the biggest problem with. Finding out the flight is cancelled through another passenger versus the airline staff is extremely unprofessional. The people at the counter are so unprofessional. They hand you a pink paper and say here is were you can find a hotel. It's better to pay extra a fly through a reputable company like Southwest, JetBlue or Delta, who are able to provide accommodation, get you booked through another airline and transportation. I have learned my lesson and never again. 
I bought a flight from Cancun to Los Angeles. This went via Dallas Fort Worth. Normally, when a carrier sells a flight from one destination to another with a stop, they ensure the baggage is forwarded and there is ability to get to the connecting flight. Spirit made me go through immigration, pick up my bags and then change terminals in order to connect with my next flight. I sprinted to the second flight and was luckily able to board the next flight. It had already been boarding for 15 minutes. As I rushed up to the gate, a rude flight attendant reminded me I was late in an agitated voice and then told me there was a 50/50 chance my baggage would turn up at my destination (due to spirit). Never again.
Terrible delays, poor customer service, because of airline delays we missing our connection and ended up having to fly the next day, ended up taking five flights to get from Houston to Puerto Rico.
Don't always trust that the lowest fare is really the lowest. They charge for baggage and carry ons. $75 for me today, if you want to check a bag at the gate it's $100. They tried to charge for a small sleeping bag as an extra carry on - writing this review while waitin 45 minutes on the tarmac at my final destination. 
This is the first time we have flown with Spirit Airlines and it will be the last. We travel frequently nationally and internationally and have never had such poor customer service. Although you think you may be getting the best fare initially, they get you with the baggage, seat assignments, and treat you very poorly. We were carrying backpacks in order to save on having to check in bags, and had to pay $100 per bag at the counter before we boarded the plane. It wasn't so much paying the price as it was the way they treated us. Demanding and rude to not only us, but to other customers with the same challenge. On your vacation, you don't want to have poor customer service that puts a dent in the way you feel traveling. You want to have a nice experience. Its a 3 hour flight and you have to pay for snacks and drinks! On our 1 hour flight with Southwest and American, they treat you pleasantly and give complimentary drinks and snacks. The woman at the counter taking our tickets, as well as the attendants on the plane looked like they hated their job. The lady yelled at my husband to repack our bags and "get it together", on the plane we were seated separately and I asked politely to see if I could switch seats with someone and the attendant told me, "just sit down". Also, there are challenges with the online check-in that half the time works. When calling in, they also disconnect you, can't help you check in, and are rude. I definitely will never travel with Spirit Airlines again and will ensure everyone I know never chooses this airline. Other people I spoke to on the airline said the same thing with their experience. Stay away from this airline if at all possible if you want a good trip! Cramped seats also!
Extremely poor online service for printing out boarding tickets. Extremely hard to speak to a customer service representative. I had to act like I was booking a reservation in order to find out the long tedious online process and if you can't do it they have no mercy your getting slapped with an unfair charge at the airport. I will never fly Spirit again. I am extremely aggravated. They need to take lessons from other airlines. I have never encountered a problem with any other airline.
Our first time flying with Spirit and it was terrible. It was m , my friend, my daughter and her friend. First, when we arrived at bag check in, the lady was very rude. She made me take out things from my bag and disperse it on to my carry on bag because it was too heavy, and I didn't want to pay an extra 25 on the already 104 dollars for bags. It was embarrassing, especially with her barking out "go faster!" When we were flying the plane was 30 minutes off schedule. Drinks and food were not complementary and the staff were horrible. When we got off, they lost my bags, along with ten other people! They were rude about it. We tried calling hundreds of times, and never got an answer. This morning, Spirit called and said they found our bags and will ship it to us. That was the only good thing .
I did my homework ahead of time to avoid fees but this airline just wont stop when it comes to trying to get money out of you. All 4 of my flights were delayed. Their system shut down in Chicago and nobody knew what was going on. The customer service agents were rude and not helpful with the situation at all. Instead, they relentlessly try to get you to sign up for their credit card. My response was more geared toward finding out where my plane was and the attendant's response was, "We dont know where it is, but our credit card will earn you miles with us." All four of the planes I boarded were disgusting! In an effort to make up for the delayed times, the flight crews never cleaned the planes. Every plane had trash on the floor and in the seat's rear pockets where I was sitting. I saw an attendant tell an elderly passenger they would be charged for a cup of ice when she asked for it and it blew everybody away who was sitting around her. Their webpage is difficult to work through. It took me 45 minutes to print a boarding pass just because the site is hard to navigate. 
Flight: 7/6/15 Orlando - San Juan. My husband and I arrived at 10.00am, 2 hours and 16 minutes ahead of our flight, pre-checked in, only needing to drop our checked bag. We waited for 1 hour and 45 minutes to drop our bag. By the time we got to the security check line, we had 16 minutes to make it to our gate. The Spirit airlines agent had sarcastically wished us luck getting through on time. The flight ended up delaying because I estimate about 80% of its passengers were stuck in the ticketing line. I called customer service yesterday, 7/15/15 and held for 30 minutes while waiting for someone to answer, and was put on hold an additional 45 minutes while the person who answered "tried to find a supervisor that was free." Spirit refused to put a supervisor on the phone and insisted that the only form of communication for complaints is through email. We will never be flying with them again.
Spirit notified us our flight will be delay. Later it was cancelled. Their next flight was only 2 days later and they didn't consider trying to find us a flight with another airline. Since this was our flight day, we could either book a hotel for 2 days or cancel the flight and try to find another flight. We will never try to book Spirit again!
I was flown down for an interview in Houston. The flight leaving Denver was delayed at last 2 hours making me late for my interview. The flight was pretty uneventful except there is a charge for everything. The flight back to Denver was delayed 4 hours with lots of excuses from the gate staff. At the same time they are telling us this rarely happens, I was looking online and finding that every flight for the last two was signigicantly late. There was another flight at the same gate that was 4 hours late also. There was almost a riot at the gate because it was night and people were tired and so angry. 
First time flying with Spirit and they cancelled the flight. The next best flight they offered me was 2 days after my original flight date. Had to cancel an important trip. Spirit does not compensate for the money you throw to the air because of their cancelled flight. I will never fly with them again.
When I purchased the ticket I thought the price wasn't bad. I usually fly Southwest and now I know why. If I wanted to chose a seat that would cost me. I was shocked to see I couldn't even take a small carry-on - I had to check it or pay more. A box to measure your carry on was placed at the boarding area, with a big sign saying $100. The young man kept reiterating, "if your luggage doesn't fit in this box, you will be charged $100 at the gate." He repeated this announcement over and over again. No peanuts. The water, sodas etc cost. Flight attendants had snobby, pushy aggressive attitudes. No smiles, no hello. The seats don't recline and your knees touch the seat in front of you - I am 5'4". I will never fly this airline again. I was so disappointed. Not to mention they made an announcement about signing up for their Credit Card, and receiving some free mileage. I don't think so - too many hidden costs for me.
These people are terrible at being on time. They have changed the departure time four times, and we are still here, at midnight, waiting on them and hoping they don't change it again.
Flight delayed almost 2 hours from ATL to MIA due to maintenance issues with the plane. In addition my fiance and I were charged 52 dollars for each piece of luggage we checked in. No charge for carry on luggage however. Flight delayed as we speak from MIA back ATL this morning. Reason for the delay - you guessed it - more maintenance issues. This time however we were asked to get off the plane with our bags. No ETA on when we will actually leave. This time however 53 bucks to check luggage which was anticipated this time around. However ladies and gentlemen another 52 bucks to be able to carry our previously free carry on luggage the flight back. This is the worst airline I have flown. The experience has been a grave inconvenience at best. 
I have had the pleasure of flying with them for the past few years. I can count on one hand the amount of times my flight left on-time without any issues. The final straw was when I flew a few days ago from Myrtle Beach, SC to New York, NY. My return flight was cancelled without any notification, but they called me, which was a lie. I was told different stories by two different workers as to why the flight was cancelled. I tried to book a flight for the next day and they told me it was impossible to get on one and that I would have to stay two nights. I told them I would need to be put on another airline and they told me Spirit does not do that. 
I flew this weekend and we had no idea we had to pay for our luggage, it's $55 for each piece of luggage so that's $110, plus on top of that we still have to pay going back. Our seat was so tight you we could barely move and the seats do not recline! I will never fly with them again!
My flight was cancelled from Florida to Dominican Republic, they found me a flight 5 hours later out of Miami, had to take a cab to Miami and didn't get to DR until 9pm, I was supposed to meet my husband at the resort at 1pm. Coming back home from DR my flight was delayed 5 hours which made me miss my connecting flight to AC. Spirit put me in a hotel until the next day, the next flight out would be to Orlando then to AC. I'm 26 hours into this nightmare and my family are waiting for me to arrive. 
The only reason I even got on this plane was because by the time I found out who my husband booked this flight with, it was too late to get our money back. This isn't an economically sound decision. Passengers are charged for everything. Expect to be nickel and dimed for carry-on luggage. There's not even a complimentary drop of water offered on any of their flights. None of the seats recline. The seats are extremely uncomfortable. I'm 5'5 and had zero leg room. There's no difference in comfort between the "expensive" seats, and the less expensive seat. I've never seen seat cushions so thin. No wi-fi, no water, no reclining seats, no comfort, and the seats are too close for safety. There are no circumstances under which we would ever fly them again.
Simply put, our experience with Spirit Airlines has compelled us to never fly Spirit again. My family of 4, including myself traveled to Texas to a ministry conference. I will be honest, we did not get to the airports in time therefore we missed our flights going and coming. The first error was us, we should have gotten there earlier. My overall concern was the extreme lack of customer service that displayed any concern to our dilemma. The inconsistency in the service was very obvious. There was two lovely ladies that did give a great effort of service to us, but this was well appreciated but it wasn't even enough to win our return. On top of the lack of customer service, all the other fees where really extreme. Please take in to consideration, if you want customers to be loyal and return, customer service is a must!
Spirit is not an international airline despite the fact that they fly internationally. About to leave the hotel in San Jose Costa Rica after a six days vacation with my daughter, we received a notice that our flight was cancelled due to "volcanic activity" (Spirit had two of the four flights cancelled. that day). Supervisor promised to return call at noon and we gave up at 3.00 with no response. The good news is that they put us on the next available Spirit flight. The bad news was the first available flight was in six days. After six days did get out of the country.
Bait and switch. Spirit gets you to book a flight by offering fares at around 10%-15% lower than everyone else. What they do not tell you is that once you're booked that is when they make up for the "low" fare. Our plans changed and we wanted to cancel our rental car, four days before our trip - big charges! We travel with a young child in the autism spectrum. Want to sit with him, extra fees for the "privilege" of sitting with him. Bag fees are ridiculous. We all packed in one checked bag. At the desk - over weight - $50 more dollars. Waiting for the plane, which was almost an hour late they made an on ounce net about how the will get another $100 if your carry-on doesn't meet their last minute standards. Coffee in flight? $3 is this Starbucks? I would not be surprised to learn they charge extra for a seatbelt. They "bait" you with low entry fees but once you are signed up they "switch" to a fee charging machine.
Delays for hours not minutes. The delay caused us to be very late arriving in Detroit. There is no savings in this airline whatsoever. Please do yourselves a favor and read reviews before you book a flight. I wish I had! The reviews are spot on. 
They charge you for everything from A to Z and try to make it look like you are in control of the price. I would not be surprised if they charge for being seated versus standing up if it were possible. Being on time is something too advanced for Spirit airlines. If you want to know an airport in detail, Spirit is the best choice since you will spend a lot of time there while listening very frequent delay notifications. 
The customer service was horrible and not helpful with anything we had questions on. After our flight was delayed twice and we sat at the gate while other flights were boarded through this gate, we saw a man running up to the counter at the gate and out of breath. He proceeded to tell the women at the counter that he had boarded the plane. 
My family and I (3) were headed to San Juan, Puerto Rico from Orlando, Florida. When we got to the check-in there was a sign that said: "baggage cannot weigh over 41 pounds or else we will charge you an additional $50". They had already charged us $50 for each piece of our luggage. We were right on the border to paying extra but luckily we didn't. As we headed to the gate the lady at the desk announced that the flight would be delayed 3 hours, everyone was furious! Then later the lady at the front desk said we would get on the flight in 15 minutes and the plane still wasn't there! It took the plane 30 more minutes to arrive and 45 minutes for the other passengers to exit. Finally when we got onboard we sat down and there was a storm at the route which we were supposed to take so it took them 30 minutes to receive a new route to get to PR. Well, finally we took off! Now, usually other airlines give you water and a little snack like peanuts or pretzels. They gave us nothing! You had to pay for everything, the water was about $3 which is absurd. The seats didn't recline and the flight attendants were so rude.
I booked my flight 5 months in advance and paid 430.00 round trip. Then I tried to select my seat but had to pay an additional 18.00 to select a seat before getting to the airport. Then they charged me 50 for my first checked bag. Then they charged me another 3 bucks for a small bottle water. I looked at American Air and Delta two weeks before my flight, and they were the same price. So how is Spirit a low fare airline. The flights were delayed more than one hour both ways and the airline lost my bag going home. If they were a low fare airline, I would then accept the baggage fees, tight seats, no drinks and delays.
I flew LAX-ORD. I was expecting Spirit to have improved since I last flew in November to LaGuardia, but I was wrong. I flew with my family, (3 passengers). I arrived at LAX well before the flight time and proceeded to check my baggage. I walked up to the kiosk and check my three bags, and the grand total was around $140, more than what I paid for the airfare! I decided to check only two and take my third bag in the overhead bin. That was a big mistake. Spirit Airlines charges 100 US Dollars for a carry-on bag! The flight was fine, but since I was in an Airbus A320, the seats did not recline. As if Spirit didn't already have enough of my money, tap water is not free inflight. Spirit Airlines may as well charge a dollar for every breath you take on their aircraft.
I had multiple instances of stress while flying with Spirit. 1) The tickets look cheap but they quickly make up for that cost by charging ridiculous prices for bags (total of $150 for one checked back and one carry-on for the trip). 2) Since they are such a small operation it means they have a very limited number of planes, crews, and flights. This results in flight delays as well as trip delays (when I missed my flight due to the security lines) the next available flight was the next day. The cherry on top of that was that the next morning's flight was delayed. My return flight was also delayed, I spent more time in the airport over the weekend than I did at Myrtle Beach. 3) Because of high costs, stress and delays there are a large number of unhappy customers and as a result the Spirit staff is harried and unhelpful when you have an issue. Don't get me wrong, I tend to be a very thrifty person, but paying another $200 for convenience to fly a bigger airline is worth it.
Direct flight from Houston to Orlando. Lost luggage. Not just our luggage, but I counted around 30 people standing at the service counter. The tickets are cheap because they get you on the backend. One bag $40. Another 25-75 if it weighs too much. Carry on is $40. No cocomplimentary beverage service or snacks. You have to buy your seats after you buy your tickets. I still paid $400+ for 2 round trips.
From outrageous confusing baggage fees to fees to "go green" to fees to run on the plane before others. The travel insurance is added in automatically without the ability to decline it. The website doesn't work half the time. The employees at the call center give you incorrect answers. I'm all for no frills, but this company got it wrong. I will not use this airline again.
On 21/6/15 while boarding at San Diego we were told that our cabin bag is larger than their specification and we have to pay extra 55 USD for that. Our bad luck continued while our flight from Vegas to SFO on 24/6/15 when we reached airport to catch our flight at 9.55 PM, they informed it is delayed for an hour and increased the delay. At 1.30 AM they simply announced about its cancellation. They returned money that was about 180 USD when it was booked a month back. We were new in USA and had to pay 700 USD to get United flight next morning. 
Booked flight several weeks in advance. However, the flight crew didn't get the memo. My flight was scheduled to leave at 7.46. I receive an email not from Spirit but from the 3rd party site I went through for the tickets to let me know the flight is delayed and my new departure time would be 12.32am! With a delay this long I believed that something was extremely wrong with the plane but that wasn't the case. The airline couldn't "find" a crew to fly the plane. The worst communication and organization skills I've witnessed from an airline. I'll never be flying Spirit again. 
I used Spirit Airlines for a recent trip flying from Detroit to Tampa, with a stop in Atlantic City, and back. Going down my flight was fine. I was aware when I booked my ticket that there were baggage fees associated with my flight and though high, the price of the flight was low enough to compensate for the additional charges. The flight was on time and went smoothly. My flight did not change planes in Atlantic City and the flight attendants told passengers that they would find out when we landed whether we could just stay on the plane or if we would have to disembark and reenter and kept us well informed. Unfortunately, my return flight was terrible. I had booked my flight through an online travel site and signed up for email updates. I received an email 3 hours before flight time saying my flight was delayed but to be at the airport as if it were on time. I got to the airport to be told the flight was 3 hours delayed. I checked in and proceeded through security and arrived at the gate to find no Spirit employees. When I finally got information it was simply that there was a malfunction with the original plane and they had needed to find a new plane. Once the plane finally landed and we boarded, close to 3.5 hours late, Spirit employees were apologetic and got passengers through quickly. Upon arriving in Atlantic City those of us staying on to Detroit were not told whether or not to disembark until the flight attendant noticed some of the passengers were not getting off and told us to we could not stay on the plane as the staff was being changed. We went into the terminal where the pilot and flight attendants were waiting to board the plane. We proceed to spend the next 40 minutes waiting. The screens at the airport say the flight was supposed to leave at 9.10pm. At about 9, nearly five hours after the flight was originally suppose to leave a flight attendant comes running to the gate and enters the plane. A few minutes later, we are told to start lining up in anticipation of boarding soon. This is in complete contradiction to our early instructions of keeping the aisle clear as Atlantic City is a small airport where the gate is right next to the aisle. We finally start boarding at 9.10, depart and arrive in Detroit 5 hours late. I understand that problems can occur to delay flights but complete lack of communication to passengers was unacceptable.
The first time flying Spirit. I typically travel to Daytona Beach for a week every month to spend time with my grandsons. I usually fly Frontier to Orlando and then take a shuttle bus (DOTS) to Daytona. I flew Spirit in June because the fare was only $80 one way. I was shocked when I checked in at the counter on June 20 when I had to pay $52 for a checked bag that weighed no more than 15 pounds. The fee was excessive and combined with the airfare and the $38 shuttle fare with tip that trip cost $170. A direct flight to Daytona from Cleveland on Delta Airlines costs $156 with an hour layover in Atlanta and carry on of my 15 lb bag cost nothing. On my return from Daytona to Cleveland on June 27, I flew Delta leaving Daytona Beach at 6 AM and arriving in Cleveland at 9:32AM for a total of $156. The only positive experience with Spirit was my huge leather seat in row 1 on the trip to Orlando; quite roomy and comfortable. I will, however, not use them again as their baggage rates are excessive.
Was delayed 2hrs leaving Detroit and paid a small fortune for baggage fees. Our return was delayed again leaving Denver. 
I booked a round trip flight for four people to travel from Baltimore to Myrtle Beach, SC. At the time of my booking, which was 2 months before the flight, there was nothing mentioned about the additional costs of the carry on luggage. When I arrived at the airport 2 hours before the flight, I was told that each one of my carry on bags would cost $55 each, totaling $440 for a round trip flight. This was an astronomical expense that I was completely unprepared for. I had no choice but to pay. I also experienced a delay of one hour on each of my flights, adding to my frustration. 
Not only was it late for departure and arrival but we were also late to a connecting flight. Flight was supposed to depart at 2.29pm and its 3.30pm and still waiting for the flight to depart. Also, they charge you for carry on bags so they were telling people to step out of the boarding lines and go pay a fee for a carry on. Needless to say I paid for my carry on, but had a purse that they also wanted me to pay for. I will never use them again.
My wife and I booked a flight with Spirit on May 17th of this year to fly to Denver on June 19th. Our initial flight time was 5.30 pm so we arrived at 3.30. The first delay happened at baggage check-in where there were only 2 people working the desk with about 75 people in line. This took 45 minutes to get done. Then the delays started. The plane we were supposed to get on had been delayed in Florida for hours and nothing was done to get another plane to Houston to take its place. After waiting at the gate until 11.30 pm and watching email notifications come in about delays we got the one we dreaded to see, flight cancelled. At this point there were no Spirit employees at the gate to confirm if it was truly cancelled so we made our way to the ticket desk to wait in a line for 3 hours to try and rebook. Once we got to the counter there were no other accommodations to Denver that could be made with Spirit so we asked for a refund. We finally made it home at 4am exhausted. I have used Spirit before and did not have an issue but this was horrible. Spirit knew that the flight was going to be cancelled way before the time we found out by email. 
I never actually got on the plane because Spirit canceled the flight (for an unknown reason). I never even got an email or any kind of notification letting me know this had happened. I was able to get my ticket refunded after a painful process and was told I wouldn't be able to get on another flight until Friday. They were so rude and unhelpful. I did not book another flight with them needless to say.
Terrible! Delayed, delayed, then cancelled. Couldn't reschedule for three days, no reimbursement for lodging, and rude service. That's what you get for flying with the lowest bidder.
After booking with Spirit, I found out about the extra fees. The ticket ended up being a similar price to airlines like Southwest and Delta. The thing that was most bothersome were the multiple delays flying to and from Detroit. They said it was caused by weather, but every other airline was fine and did not have delayed flights. After looking up reviews during my 4+ hour delays, I found out this is very common with Spirit. The man sitting next to me on the plane had to fly with them for business for the past 5 weeks. He said every flight was delayed. I'm sorry, but my time is more valuable than saving 10 or so dollars.
Flight was cancelled at 9.00pm the night before we were to fly out at 6.00am. The weather was sunny and in the 80's both in BWI and Florida but they said they had a weather delay due to a storm in Houston TX and didn't have a plane. Desk person told us they didn't have a cabin crew. They told us we could fly two days later. We took the refund and flew Southwest (who is based in Texas and had a plane). Spirit then told us we could have a $50.00 voucher for our troubles but it cost us $500.00 more to fly on Southwest. Never again.
From Tampa to Atlantic City flight was delayed 5 times.nWe were told we would receive a $50 voucher for a future flight-didn't happen. Spirit charges for everything. 
They pull you in by providing flights that seems to have an unreal price. Averaging 50-70 dollars cheaper than any other flight on sites like Expedia, they forget to mention that nothing is free. From the seats you choose to sit in to every breath you take, they find a way to charge extra. My 240 dollar flight ended up costing 392 dollars. Every bag with wheels even if it does fit the requirement cost you an extra 55 dollars. On the flight you may be able to get a cup of ice for free. They do not provide water, blankets, not even a cracker, no matter how long your flight is. The only seats that recline are the ones in the first row. There is absolutely no in-flight entertainment. They also do not accept cash on the flight. 
I was going to LAS for the NHL Hockey awards. Was supposed to leave from PHL-LAS non stop on June 22 and arrive in LAS at 10pm on 22 June. Flight was delayed and didn't arrive until 11pm. Return on 26 June was supposed to leave at 8.15am, LAS-ORD. That flight actually got in early. I thought I would have time to kill in ORD. I didn't expect to wait for a whole day in ORD. Flight NK630 kept getting pushed back and back. Finally, while we were on the runway for what had to be 2 hrs or more, the flight attendant stated that because of the curfew at LGA, our flight would be going back to the gate and that the flight was cancelled! I know the airline is no frills but an airline shouldn't be this poorly run. They gave us a hotel and meal vouchers which was nice but when I returned the next evening for my flight back to LGA, NK630 was delayed again! 
My boyfriend and I were traveling to Chicago for a long weekend. After having to pay over $90 to carry on our luggage when we checked in at the airport, we went to the gate to find that our flight was delayed. No one told us this. It was delayed once more, and again no announcement was made. Their website flight status information differed from the board at the gate, so for a good hour or more we had no idea what time our flight was supposed to leave. After all this, the flight was cancelled right before midnight. Spirit did absolutely nothing for us. They couldn't put us on a flight the next morning. My boyfriend asked if they could put us on a flight anywhere in the country instead, all we wanted was a long weekend away. They couldn't do that either. We cancelled and flew JetBlue instead.
Showed up at Philadelphia Airport (which is a nightmare in itself), checked in at ticket counter then got in a ridiculously long line for TSA check. Finally made it to the gate to wait for departure. First, flight was delayed for 45 minutes for flat tire. Next the flight was delayed again for another 2.5 hours for mechanical issues. Finally the flight was cancelled! The staff at the gate notified passengers to return to the ticket counter to be rebooked on other airlines and register claim for a refund (What a joke!) - I've since learned that Spirit does not offer refunds. Once at the ticket counter, passengers were being given options for alternate flights up to 2 days later. 
Our flight going to Cancun, Mexico was delayed 3 hours and no one told us! We just sat there and realized our boarding time had passed - there was no communication and the service representative could not tell us anything regarding our flight. Going home we had a flight connection in Ft. Lauderdale -  when we deplaned to catch our flight back to DFW we waited 30 minutes or so before we got our luggage because they didn't know where we were supposed to pick it up. Then we had to run through the airport with about 25 other people on the same flight or other connecting flights, our plane was still there but they would not let us board - needless to say the next flight went out at 8 am. Told us it was our fault, then it was customs fault, then TSA'S fault - everybody's fault but theirs.
This was my first experience and last with Spirit Airlines. Its website was down the night before to check in early. Spirit customers are informed to check in early to avoid an $100 additional fee at the airport counter. We were charged $90 each of carry-on bags. The flight number was not listed on the tv monitors at the airport, we were re-routed to another gate where a non-Spirit spokesperson informed us this flight was delayed, each hour we were informed of yet another delay until the person disappeared altogether and no representative was present for more than two hours in the gate area. We tried calling their information number but the telephone just kept ringing until there was a disconnection signal. We were informed by a travel agent the flight was probably cancelled so I purchased two additional tickets to reach a destination where we had missed special occasion events on that day. Because of Spirit's additional fees for everything, customers do not save any money in choosing them. Buyer beware.
Return flight was delayed twice then cancelled, next possible flight out was 2 days later. Spirit did nothing to try and help get another flight booked, did not offer any accommodations as far as hotel, food etc. There were a large number of us flying and they said they couldn't get all of us on a return flight and that we were basically on our own. They were more eager to refund our money than get us on a different flight. If we were able to find a different flight and it was cheaper than what we originally paid they were not going to refund the difference. The discounted price of their tickets is not worth the hassles that you may go through because of the airline. I will never fly Spirit again.
Flight was canceled, had to take the next available flight which was the next day. Next day flight delayed twice and gate changed twice. It ended up being a whole day of travel. No vouchers were given. After emailing and complaining the gave us three $50 vouchers. 
They lost my bag and took 2 days to return. There website is terrible for check-in but they have the pop-up on your screen offers working well. They mention the $9 savings program which is the bag pricing they show you but if you don't pay the $62 membership your bag prices go from $37 carry on to $45 and $33 checked bag to $40 when it comes time to pay. They lead to believe you have to purchase your seats when another traveler with lost baggage said he believes if you don't pick a seat and they issue it at airport check-in it may be free. I didn't see that as an option but that I had to pick and pay for the seat. They seem like they're making it confusing and the pop-up ads so you pay for all these ad-ons not really knowing what your paying it all total for. It was our first and last time we'll purchase and fly with this airline. Not worth the headache and hassles. 
My husband and I were planning on flying a direct flight out of Latrobe PA to Orlando FL. This airport is closer to us than Pittsburgh and has free parking so we were excited to try it. Our flight was delayed a half hour, then 3 hours, then canceled due to "maintenance issues." We had to go home and change our vacation plans since we were not able to leave until the next day out of Pittsburgh. My husband was on hold with customer service for 45 minutes. After this experience, we will never fly Spirit Airlines again.
The first time I've flown Spirit. My flight was cancelled 2 days in a row and the second day I was at the airport for 10 hours trying to get on a flight through Spirit, not hearing of the cancellation until 6 hours later after the flight being delayed several times, then standing in line for 3 hours rebooking the flight. I finally got a flight out through United Airlines the next day. The inexpensive prices are not worth the wasted time I spent trying to fly out of Denver. 
I was unfortunately fooled by the price. Then you pay $55.00 for checked luggage and another $55.00 for carry on. Then they charge you for water, soda, coffee, tea, peanuts, you name it. The staff  don't even announce that your flight has been delayed as ours was, the first 3 hours late, the second 5 hours late - neither one was announced we had to find someone to ask what happened.. If you dared to ask they would tell you they didn't know so just go sit down and wait for your flight to be called. Then once the flight that should have been there hours earlier finally had a boarding time they had you move from one place to another and once everyone moved they had you go back to were you were and then they had you move again, we did this 4 times before they finally stopped moving us they moved the planes from one station to another.  I can assure you that it is my families last time. 
We had a two hour delay at Philadelphia. Our return flight was over 3 hours late from Las Vegas. You almost spend more than 3 quarter a day just waiting for our flight. There is no reason given for the delay, it's like that is the norm for this Spirit. I will never use this carrier again. The seats are uncomfortable no recline in the chairs. Just because the cost of the ticket is discounted does not mean you treat people less than human. 
Arrived to the airport to find out our flight was delayed an hour which made me miss our connecting flight in Chicago so we forced to wait until 3.30pm in Chicago. No reason why the plane was delayed arrived in Chicago around 8:30am. My family and sat around all day at the airport then my flight was delayed again until 5:45pm. Called customer service to complain since I paid extra money to arrive in Las Vegas early. Waited about an hour on hold then then finally got someone who was rude and no help. The baggage fee is ridiculous then you want to charge $3 for a can soda after everyone just waited all day in the airport. The seats on 2 out of the 3 planes didn't recline at all. Then leaving Las Vegas our plane was delayed until 2am when it was suppose to leave at 10:30pm. 
Flight out from LaGuardia got cancelled, after I waited at the airport for 3 hours, ground staff was entirely unhelpful. Flight back from Chicago also got delayed 3 hours, once again, ground staff was entirely unhelpful.
We flew round trip from Denver to Dallas and both of our flights were delayed 3+ hours. They did not announce the delay until we were already through security. Customer service was impossible to get ahold of and did not compensate for our stuggles. In addition the seats are uncomfortable and cramped. 
I booked a roundtrip flight with Spirit airlines for my husband and 3 children to visit family.  The price on the tickets were the cheapest and I know the saying "you get what you pay for" but decided to take a chance. Although since they charge you for any carry-ons you have and of course any luggage you take with you then I should have figured it wasn't saving me any money! Wish I had gone with some other airline now. I dropped the family off to catch their departing flight and things seemed to go well. Since I wasn't traveling with them I could go to the gate with them so I left thinking that things were a-ok. Got a text after they had supposedly took off that they were still waiting. So departing flight was late taking off. A week later the flight my husband was to fly back on was delayed 6 hours. They told him bad weather in Chicago. I looked it up online and there was rain in Chicago but I have flown out of Chicago in a blizzard before so that was a bunch of nonsense.  Here we are 2 weeks later and the flight is delayed again. Absolutely no explanation this time as to what caused the delay but I am hopping mad. 
We moved from Michigan in 1995 to Fort Myers Florida and have been flying Spirit since then. My father flew in from DTW and was scheduled to return to DTW on 18th June at 7:59pm from Fort Myers. When we arrived to the airport to check in at 6:00pm we were told by the gate agent that the flight was delayed and was now departing at 9:40pm. That flight was delayed and did not depart until 11:19pm from Fort Myers to Detroit. My 72 year old father was stuck at the airport from 6:30pm-11:19pm and did learn from one of the Spirit Airlines staff that it was because of a staffing issue that occured in Chicago. Apparently staff did not show up which caused the airline to be delayed. Weather delays I can understand - but not staffing. Very disappointed.
Outbound flight was cancelled and try calling customer and after waiting for over an hour, I had to make another reservation on another airline. Coming back, the flight was cancelled as well. Again, when I received the notice, I could not reach customer service after holding for over an hour. If you are a leisure traveler and have no deadlines to meet, I think flying Spirit is ok. If you need to attend a meeting, do not fly this airline.
I'm an Elite $9 Fare Club member. I fly Spirit a lot. I've had my share of delays and cancellations but generally have been OK with them - you get what you pay for? in January I booked a round trip flight ORD-LAX and paid $140 extra for the Big Front Seats for my husband and me. Today when I go to check in for my flight tomorrow I find I have no seats. There was a schedule change of a whopping 3 minutes on the return leg, and my seats (for which I have a receipt for) were released and repurchased by someone else. The first two Spirit employees tried telling me that when I clicked "accept the schedule change" that released my seats. No. According to the email my seat selection was voided before I "accepted the schedule change". What choice did I have? I guess once you pay for your seats you don't really have them after all. Super disappointed and angry about this. Until now I've been a staunch defender of them on social media, feeling that they got bashed a lot because people just didn't understand the policies. No more. And they really don't care. People will still buy their cheap tickets and be herded on the plane like cattle. They're laughing all the way to the bank.
The flight, when everything is working, is good. Spirt handles disruptions very poorly.  I flew Minneapolis to Boston through Chicago. I signed up for email notification from Spirit Airlines and I checked my email before leaving the house to the airport  saw a notice of a delay in Chicago. Got to the airport and noticed the flight had been canceled. I asked about why no email notification, they said the flight was just canceled. They booked me the next day out (the only option!). I showed up at the airport the next day (again I checked my email  no notice) the flight was delayed  3 hours! (they had to wait for the last flight attendant). At the airport I pulled up my reservation on the web site (manage travel) and found my flight was routed to Fort Lauderdale  Myrtle Beach  Boston. (again no email notice of route change!). Finally left Minneapolis 3 hours late and arrived Chicago. I could not find a service counter and all the gate counters were busy loading people. I finally grabbed a person and mentioned that I think my flight reservations had changed but I had no boarding passes - he did finally find my rerouted arrangements and printed boarding passes. Got on a plane with only 20 other passengers, the gate agent mentioned that the airline scheduled a new flight just for us! We got to Fort Lauderdale one hour after the flight to Myrtle Beach left (so wouldnt you think the airline would have known that a special flight taking off when it did wouldnt arrive in time to connect with the outgoing flight). There was 14 of us in the same situation (trying to get to Boston) and were told to go out of the secured area and talk to the supervisor at the ticketing desk. We all had to wait in line with customers checking in. We finally got a service rep that set us all up with hotel and food vouchers for the night and some were scheduled on a morning flight to Boston and some, myself included, were scheduled out at 8 pm to fly to Myrtle Beach to connect with a flight to Boston getting into Boston Thursday AM. The 3 of us that were on the evening flight asked to be put on the standby list for the morning flight out. We got to our hotel at 11pm and we signed up for a hotel shuttle at 5am the next morning. We (the 3 of us) got to the airport Wed. morning and were successful in getting a seat on the 8:50am flight to Boston which went well. A side benefit of being on standby is that all 3 of us got exit row seats  more legroom. We got to Boston by noon Wed. So my trip: MSP  BOS  Monday am to Wed noon. I did call Spirit and they agreed to move my return flight out a few days without charge since my flight had been canceled.
4 adults and 2 children arrived at IAH airport at 4:30AM for a supposedly 6:05AM flight. Flight was delayed until 10:20AM due to flight crew never showing up. Made it to Chicago ORD by 1:45PM. On return flight 6/25, arrived at airport well in advance and flight boarded on time and we sat on the tarmac 50 minutes. Arrived in Houston and sat on tarmac 2hrs 40 minutes. The flight attendant seemed to run out of excuses as to why we had no gate. By the time we pulled into the gate (only 3) got our baggage the hotel shuttle where our vehicle was parked had stopped running and we had to pay a taxi to go pick up our vehicle. What you may think you are saving in $ you lose in time ($). This is the most disorganised airline.  It frightens me that they can't get the US flights correct and they are flying international. 
I did not read the reviews like I usually do, because I was excited about the low fares. I read the reviews and there was so many negative comments. I checked my flight and it was delayed, by the time I got to the airport my flight was cancelled. The young lady at the desk said there was nothing she could do. There was a flight leaving the next day - unacceptable. She suggest I go to another airline and get a refund from Spirit. I had no choice so I lucked up on a Southwest flight. I went back to Spirit and got my refund for my one way flight because a full refund would of been not enough for another flight. Everyone in line had an issue. On my return flight it also was delayed, I made it home 1:00am.  I don't know how this airline will survive. I did feel sorry for the poor young reservation lady because she had no help and had been working since the night before.
1.5 hours late departure - no apology or explanation as to why. We literally sweated all the way here as the cabin was about 80-84 degrees. Waited for our baggage for over an hour to even start moving. This airline is not a "value". I've flown with them four times and not once has my flight been on time. This will be the last time I fly with them.
My return flight from Denver to Ft Lauderdale was delayed but 3 times-and then cancelled with no explanation! The only options I was given were to be partially refunded, or wait for 2 days until the next available flight at an extra charge!! I chose the refund as I would rather spend an extra couple hundred dollars on a new ticket, than deal with the incompetence and apathy of this contemptible airline.
This was a horrible flying experience - there was no flying. Arriving at DIA, checking in and getting to the gate there was already a delay. The departure time was 7:15am and was moved to 8:30am, to 11:30am, to 1:30pm, then to 3:30pm and cancelled at 3:45pm. Proceeded to the ticket counter for what could be done for alternate leaving. It took 6 hours in line to get to a counter person. There was at least 80 people in the same line, same problem and 1 customer rep to help. By the time assistance was spoken with it was too late for any other flights departing. I spent the first day of my "vacation" in DIA for 17 hours. Myself and any other passengers on this flight with Spirit will never fly with this airline again. 
Our flight  to Houston from BWI was cancelled at the gate at time of boarding. Little explanation other than aircraft broken. Gate and counter-staff were apathetic, unhelpful, and unsympathetic. I have never seen employees that hated their jobs as much as Spirit Airlines ground staff. It was apparent that cancellations are the rule rather than the exception. This was our first and last attempt to fly Spirit. 
This airline makes you think you are saving money! You pay for a cheap flight and in the end you pay so much more money. My flight from Cleveland To Vegas was delayed then returning the front desk attendant caused my husband and I to miss our flight. We had to get out of line to print boarding passes on the machines (which we didn't know because leaving Cleveland the machines were broken) - during the time we got out of line and input all the info needed on the computer a ticket printed saying see the front desk. We wait in line again get up to the desk and the attendant says we don't have enough time to make the flight. She wasted so much time giving us the run around then said we didn't have enough time to make it to the gate.  If she would have just printed our ticket we could have made it. The desk attendant decided that we were to leave in the next flight leaving 24 hrs later. No hotel accommodations or help.  I told my husband to ignore the reviews and to give it a chance and we did. We will never make the mistake of flying Spirit again. 
We arrived on time and before we checked in, we were told the flight was cancelled to DFW "because of the crew." There were probably 50 other passengers for this flight and Spirit had 1 lady trying to rebook or refund each passenger. The option for the first few passengers that were helped was to stay another night, fly all the way to Chicago, then back to DFW by 10pm the next day. The only option for the rest of the 40 passengers was to get on a flight two days later! We opted for the refund because we would rather spend hundreds of extra dollars than think of ever flying Spirit Airlines again.
My family flew with Spirit Airlines June 17 2015. Our flight was delayed 7 hours until 1:15 am because the airline did not have staff to fly the plane. That is not acceptable. I have 3 children under 7 so it was quite miserable to sit there 7 hours well into the night with them and then finally get to our destination at 3:30 am and then have to pick up a rental car. I think what made me the most mad was when Spirit still charged for snacks after we waited 7 hours for them. I will pay the extra money for now on and go with a different airline.
I checked two hours before my flight to make sure it was on time. Upon my arrival I was informed that the flight was cancelled and I could not get another flight until Friday, which is three days from now.  I made a reservation on Delta for Thursday. So far I am out the cost of my Spirit ticket, taxi fare plus the cost of a ticket on Delta. Spirit Airlines is the worst airline ever, their customer service is beyond words. If I could give them a zero I would. 
It may be cheap but you certainly get what you pay for. My returning flight from Las Vegas to LA was canceled, and there wouldn't be another flight until later that evening. Horrible customer service and how the situation is handled is worse. If you're trying to save money, just spend the extra $50 and purchase another flight from a reliable airline.
After boarding we were informed there was going to be a delay due to a minor mechanical issue and we needed to deplane. After waiting several hours we were told the flight was cancelled. We had two choices - a refund or wait 2 days before we could be put on another plane. Could not find another affordable flight from Houston, so we had to take a flight from San Antonio the next day on a different airline on a flight that took us 7 hours to get to Cancun. Lost a night at the hotel and many hours of frustration. I understand the mechanical issue is out of their control but they should have ways to accommodate any canceled flights. I don't mind waiting for another flight but do mind waiting 2 days.
Our flight was cancelled, and the next flight they offered us was two days later. No help with hotels or any kind of reimbursement other than a refund for our cheap tickets. We ended up re-booking with another airline, which of course cost more money than what Spirit refunded us. You may think you are saving money by booking with Spirit, but if they cancel your flight and leave you stranded (which appears to be a common occurrence) it will end up costing you more than if you had gone with a reliable airline. When they emailed us that the flight was cancelled, the phone number they provided to reach them did not actually connect with anything. None of the phone numbers we tried got through to anyone. Ridiculous.
The only saving grace was the commiserating of the passengers once we boarded. It is not a bargain. Checked bags are $50, carry-on bags are $55 with vague definitions as to what constitutes a carry-on from a personal item. If deemed a carry-on at the gate you are charged $100 (as a punishment?). There are zero amenities. They charge 10 dollars to chose your seat at the kiosk, $40 at the gate. The in flight soda is even $3. So regarding price, it ends up on average actually being approximately $100-150 more expensive than the US Air, the next tier up. The seats have far less room, comically so. I am writing this from inside the plane on the runway and am scrunched up to hold my phone in front of me. My seat as well as a few others around me is broken, the cabin smells unpleasant and there is trash everywhere!  I almost missed my flight as there was one person at the possible 6 stations taking the bags as we boarded. In the end, just avoid taking this airline. There are zero benefits to it, and we were just delayed by two hours. I do want to add that the flight attendant was actually very kind.
I've been using Spirit for 2years because my husband lives in Chicago and I am a student in Minneapolis. At the beginning Spirit airlines had the best prices: $60 roundtrip and they were usually on time. For about 4 month their prices went up (more than other airlines). Worse than that is the fact they frequently cancel their flight with the excuse that the weather is not good but no other airlines cancel their flight! This is the last time I used them. I feel bad because I think they are assuming that the consumers are stupid. 
This was supposed to be my wife's and I first family vacation with our two young sons. Because of the extra cost of two extra tickets my wife and I decided to shop for a deal and try and save as much money as possible on airfare. We found these tickets at about eighty dollars cheaper than those for American, and decided that saving was enough to get us to try this airline. I wish I had paid the extra money! What really got me angry enough to write a review, which I may have done twice in my life, is the fact that not only do they make you pay for luggage, but they make you do it each way! There's also the seating. We had one stop from Denver to the Dominican Republic, which meant we would ride a total of 4 aircrafts for the round trip. That means you have to pay for seating 4 times. Or risk it like the lady at the counter told us. She went on and on about how booked the flight was, and about how their system assigned random seating unless we pay for it, and about how she could do nothing if our two year old son got separated from us on the flight and that the only way to guarantee that wouldn't happen was to pay for it. So we did. The plane was half empty all for times. 
Spirit fare is cheaper than most airlines, but are the worse in customer services. It is better to pay a little more at different airline and have better service. On my last flight, when we arrived at the airport, the airline just canceled the flight saying it was a cancel in Chicago due to rain.  No other airlines had the delay. We had to book a different flight and lost 1 day and 1 night worth for hotel and car rental. Spirit does nothing to accommodate that. A little delay is fine and no airline is perfect. 
My recent trip was definitely one of the worst experiences I've had. Let's put aside the usual complaints, such as "everything is extra" (seats, bags, non-alcoholic drinks, etc.). Let's even put aside obfuscated surprises, such as the announcement at the gate that "If you want to bring onboard a roller board bag, you need to pay $100 before we can let you on the airplane." And let's put aside the fact that there was no inflight service unless you press the attendant button and specifically ask for it. All of the above has to do with the business model, and for some passengers, it may be okay. The basic problem that struck me on my connection through O'Hare was operational incompetence. For starters, the Spirit airlines connecting flights were not posted on the main electronic boards. The reason was that no one knew when the fights were going to leave, or from what gates. When I asked different gate attendants, I got different answers. The good news was that the Spirit Airlines announcement boards at individual gates did have destinations posted. That bad news was that these seemed to be irrelevant to actual flights departing from those gates. If you can imagine the chaos from what appeared to be a few hundred people packed into small gate areas awaiting multiple flights, all trying to figure out when their flight leaves and from what gates, then you get the picture. On my particular connecting flight, the "Delay Story" was that a single flight attendant was needed to complete the crew, and he/she would not arrive for an indeterminate (story kept changing) number of hours. I am back, safely at home after a return flight to BWI that was thankfully uneventful. This will be my last Spirit Airlines adventure - ever. If there was a rating that assigned negative stars, I would use it. But alas, I have to go with the format.
Undependable, rude service. My last round trip one flight was delayed 7 hrs (weather delay which I know you can't control) the other 4hrs. The flight with 8 hr delay - myself and a few passengera went out to the desk because we could not rebook at gate which doesn't make sense. There was 15 to 20 people in line, and five behind counter and two standing infront. Four were helping the same customer, 2 were on their phones, and the last one was sitting on the luggage carousel. When I finally got to front I asked about re-booking, she informed me there were only 4 seats for following days flight. Told if I want to get where I'm going I should just be patient and wait. I smiled and walked away and "patiently waited". On my return flight, it was at 1.30pm, I started getting emails at 8am that it was going to be delayed and gate changed. I paid for seat and checked bag online in order to get through faster, but there was no bag drop line so had to wait in line for 40 minutes to get a tag for bag. When got to the counter I was told the flight was delayed again and L7 was the new gate. When arrived at airports both times after landing late, had to sit on runway for an hour to get a gate. I will never fly Spirit again.
Communication is non-existent. We got a text the morning of our flight out telling us that there was a 5 hour delay. Fortunately we looked online for other flights and discovered our flight was ontime - we never got another text, if we hadn't looked, we would have missed the flight. Got to the airport and after waiting awhile looked to see there was a 2 hour delay. OK, all airlines have delays now and then - no big deal. The customer service though was miserable, they never made any sort of announcement. It is important to note that the plane was about half empty. I assume that is because the text told everyone that it was delayed 6 hours. Family was meeting in Las Vegas, their flight was cancelled and Spirit would do nothing for them - would not even get them on a flight the next day. They requested a refund for the outgoing flight and without them asking Spirit refunded both flights and would not allow them to fly home either (even though that flight was not cancelled). It cost several hundred dollars to book on a different airline. This airline does nothing to help their customers when they cancel flights and they do it all the time.
I took the flight from Tampa to Houston on Sunday June 14. The flight was delayed for 4 hours without any valid reason. There was no one at the customer service counter who can give any proper update. Today is Friday June 19, 2015 and I am taking Spirit flight 314 from Houston to Tampa. This flight is supposed to leave at 4:31PM local time and the plane is at the gate but they just announced that flight will be delayed until 6:00PM - and this time the reason is there is no crew to fly this plane. They are waiting a flight from Los Angeles and that flight crew will fly this plane. I am a frequent traveller from Tampa to Houston and I can say the airfare is not cheap and then I have to pay $30 each way for a small carry on. I have learnt my lesson and I will recommend at my family and friends not to fly on Spirit Airlines.
Cancelled flights (Houston-Detroit) for reportedly bad weather condition (no cancellation on Delta and American on the same route by the same time). Some customers had to stay for 2 days waiting for their flight. People left alone in their misery without help. The flight was actually good and the crew as well, although they had a 16 hours day behind. Due to the unreliability I will not pursue to take flight with Spirit. Whatever I heard from colleagues was similar stories. Rather rise the air fare a little bit but get your customers to their destinations. 
The beginning of this trip was great. My sister was getting married and the flights from DTW-Ft Lauderdale and Ft Lauderdale - Punta Cana were just fine. A week later when we were getting ready to head home we were forced to wait for over five hours in the airport only to learn that Spirit was not flying us home at this time. My newlywed sister was spilt from her new husband because they could get him on a flight out and told him if he didn't take it then he couldn't leave the country. After this Spirit said we would be flying out the next day but the night when we got the flight information my family of 8 and I were not on the list. After trying for hours to get ahold of customer service we were told the earliest they could get us home was Saturday and that was not a promise! We were left stranded in another country with no idea how to get home or how to talk any Spanish in order to figure out how to get home. As a family we had to buy tickets from a different airline to get home. Spirit would not transfer us to a different airline.  All I can say is awful!
Worst airline I have been on, and I have travelled throughout the US, Europe, Asia and even Africa. Spirit is the absolute worst! Booking was lengthy and not simple, had to sign up on their website to book anything! You have to pay them $10 if you do not bring your boarding pass printed, and they do not accept e-tickets! You have to pay $55 for any carry-on with wheels! Your have to pay $65 for 1 piece of checked luggage! You pay $100 dollars for checked luggage at the airport if you do not pay the $55 online! So in other words you don't save any money flying with the Spirit airlines, by the time you pay for a carry-on or any checked luggage! My flight was delayed twice, over 2 hours out of Las Vegas, and the Spirit employees couldn't care less! Was told that the delay was the result of their inability to find a pilot and crew for the plane, and it happens all of the time - that's what an employee openly told me and a group of passengers! When another passenger complained and said that she would never fly with Spirit again, a flight attendant told her "that's what everyone says, we'll see you next week".
I wish I would have read the reviews before I booked my flight. My review will be no different than all the rest. Its plain and simple, You get what you pay for. Spirit delayed my flight 3 times then out of the blue cancelled it. Left me high and dry in Dallas. The web site is awful to try and use, couldn't get anywhere on there and their call center had me on hold for 45 minutes. All in all my "discount" tickets cost me almost $1,500 now with additional hotel, food and missed work. The words never again come to mind.
I made sure I knew all of the baggage and seat costs, no problem. Checked in on line and boarding passes printed, reconfirmed departure literally minutes before and early arrival to baggage drop. The plane was the oldest I'd ever seen, flight was late to depart and our baggage took forever but we got in ok. The return flight on June 17th was an entirely different story. After following the same process as above, checking in and confirming the flight and arriving early, we were met by an agent who advised us our flight was canceled, and we would need to go to the end of a line of about 100 people. We waited in line for 4 hours, with no word on what or why this was happening, while one and sometimes two people at the counter tried to rebook flights and checked in another flight that also eventually cancelled. There were two "supervisory" looking gentlemen walking among the hundreds of irate customers who could not be more indifferent or condescending. We were told our contract stated they had 24 hours to accommodate us on a flight. It does nothing for customer relations to strand people in Denver airport with no transportation or hotel help. We realized we would not be traveling on Spirit and were actually happy to take another carrier. We were not accommodated within 24 hours. Our flight left the next day about 32 hours later. We had to pay for a shuttle to take us back to the airport the next day at an additional $95.00 and repurchase bag fees on United for $50.00. For the little I saved using Spirit, I should have booked Southwest (my usual carrier) or Frontier - or anyone else and paid more to save my time and sanity.
We were delayed leaving Mexico and missed our connector to NY. I am very aware that sometime this stuff happens but they said they couldn't get us out of Florida for 3 days. I booked them through a travel site because of timing and when we tried to get our tickets they charged us an additional $450 for checked luggage and carry-ons. Also charged me to sit next to my children because they don't guarantee seating. 
This was my first time using this airline and trust and believe me when I say never again. Arrived at Tampa International for my 10.30am flight, was delayed to 11.30am. Then it was delayed at 12 and 2pm and finally at 4 pm we board the plane. We are almost getting to Chicago, when the plane is diverted to Detroit, keep in mind we had a connecting flight to Vegas in Chicago. We sat on the tarmac for 90 mins for refueling, we were not allowed off the plane. The plane finally arrives in Chicago at 9pm. Now our connecting flight is delayed. Needless to say we arrived the following morning. 
The same departure day we were told the air line was behind the schedule, about an hour really. They have very uncomfortable seats, what we found out is that we did not save much; it is not convenient to fly with them in all aspects. I will never recommend them unless there is an emergency and there are no more choices. 
June 19 2015 is my first time to take my wife to Yellowstone. We planned this for several weeks and design a very detailed route for our trip. We estimated everything except the horrible flight - the Spirit. We reached at 4 pm, 90 mins before set off and we been told delay right after checking in. The time move to 8:00 PM and nobody explain why. After 3 hours waiting we found departure time changed to 12:00pm and no one even told us! We asked the clerks and they just said they dont know with fake smile. We kept waiting until 11:00pm and been told by other passenger that the flight was cancelled! None of the Spirit clerks told us this! One old clerk just told us to refund or rebook at 1st floor and refused to tell me any further details. We reached the 1st floor and spent about 2 hours got refund and took my luggage out. Of course, refund was just about what you paid for the tickets. They didn't care about screwing my planned trip. The losses of the reservation of hotel in the Yellowstone , the renting car and the time I spent on airport and preparation of the trip. Simply to say, no Spirit anymore. again!
I write this as I sit on the tarmac in Houston 3 hours after we should have left. I understand delays, no problem. However the disorganized operation is hard to ignore. Getting answers like, "the plane will board once the arriving plane is empty" or "we'll take off as soon as they finish fueling" are a little frustrating. After sitting on the Tarmac for about 45 minutes I asked for water and was told the would charge me in flight for my water. I questioned that they charged for water and was told "Spirit Airline charges for everything". Never again.
My wife and I were to leave Denver at 11.30pm on our way to a wedding in Mrytle Beach. Our flight was delayed by 3 hours, we were told it was due to weather come to find out the plane had to stop short of Denver to take on Fuel. We missed our connecting flight the next day and had to stay in Ft Lauderdale airport for 14 hours. When asked what they were going to do about it the agent stated (We are not required to do anything if the flight is delayed due to weather). I find it hard to believe that out of all the flights into Denver that night that Spirit was the only delay as it showed on the airport Departure/arrival board. This is how they treat customers by lying to them. 
My wife and I were scheduled to fly from Detroit to La Guardai at 6.15 am on Sunday June 14th. We were on flight 316. At boarding time we were notified there would be a 30 minute delay because there was no first officer. Then there was a delay until 7 am. That was followed with delays until 8, 9 and 10 am. finally, they notified us that the flight was cancelled and that we should go down to their rebooking line. (The fact that they even have a re-booking line should have been a warning). The line was several hours long. By the time I reached the agent the soonest they said that they could re-book us was 2:45 pm the next day. They were not even going to provide a hotel or food vouchers until we complained because we live only 50 miles from the airport. The customer service we received was the worst that I have experienced. They kept us in the dark the entire time as to what really was going on. While sitting in the airport I could see on the departure board that several spirit flights had been cancelled. I will never use this airline again. 
Our flight was delayed nearly 6 hours before it was finally cancelled. The reason it was cancelled was because there weren't enough personnel (flight attendants, pilots) to fly the plane that also wasn't available for use. Spirit Airline's definitely knew this information at the start of the day yet chose to elude their customers that everything was on schedule and that a plane was "on it's way from Chicago" (for over 5 hours). After the flight was cancelled, all of the passengers were required to wait in a line where the Spirit Airlines staff seemed to be taking pleasure in the fact that many vacations, plans, etc. were ruined because of the horrible logistical planning on your part. Hotel vouchers, meal vouchers, flights made via other airlines were not provided after this error. Personally, I was so fed up with Spirit's horrible customer service that I opted for a refund and ended up renting a car to drive 14-hours overnight to make it back to Chicago in time for work the next day. Even though it cost me more money and time to drive a car then to fly with Spirit, it was the only option that I was given that didn't result in me missing 2 days of work or more. I will never fly with Spirit Airlines again.
When Leaving St Thomas we had to fly to Fort Lauderdale Florida to connect with a flight to DFW. First we were told we would be leaving 20 min late from 3.30 to 3.50 due to mechanical issue then about an hr after that they delayed us 4 more hrs for the same issue then an 1 hr later after that we were told the plane was on approach, surprised to hear that so now it was an hr and 15 min that from the original time promised. After fumbling around the cockpit for another 30 min after boarding and sitting on an empty runway we are told we are wait for 2 aircrafts to land. No one landed the on the runway. We take off finally after sitting there for another 20 min on the runway. We land in Fort Lauderdale and our connecting flight from there left 18 mins before we landed. This left us high and dry. Spirit gave us an 'I really don't care attitude' when they came back with no real solution except for a flight out the next day that went to several stops up to Detroit, Chicago and then finally to Dallas 7 hrs later. It would have left at 12 noon and landed in Dallas after 11pm. We had to pay $450 for 2 tickets on American which worked flawlessly.
I was suppose to fly out of Houston at 9.05pm and still am still waiting to take off. The flight was delayed for 2 hours without any notification and no reason. Once we boarded the plane we were sitting for an hour before we were notified that we would not be able to land in San Diego due to a curfew. This airline is unreliable. This is my first and last time I will be flying with them.
No value. $35 for carry on. No leg room (I am 5'4"). No wifi. No food/drinks for 3hr+ flight. Never again!
We were scheduled to depart from Chicago at 10.44 am for San Diego and we were notified of a delay. The flight had been delayed for 2 hours. As we changed our travel plans we got a message that the flight was now only delayed by an hour we rushed to the airport to realise that the flight was now scheduled for 1.30pm (3 hour delay). The gate was changed 4 times and the mayhem that ensued was not managed at all. The ground staff was unhelpful and extremely disrespectful. We spent the extra $35 on big room seats and that was a saving grace. Honestly, if you value your time and want to be treated with some decency while travelling avoid Spirit.
Well first they took off an hour late, and they didn't tell us why. We finally landed and we've been sitting here for an hour waiting for a gate to open. Also, they have no wifi, the seats are very uncomfortable, and the food and drinks are so expensive. M&M's alone are $4 and 1 bag of nuts and 2 beers are $15. Don't you think that's a little ridiculous. I'm currently writing this while still on the plane that I've been on for 3 and a half hours that should have been about 2.
Our flight was supposed to be at 7pm, then they delayed it until 10pm, then at 10pm they announced that the flight was cancelled. They also cancelled another flight and everyone had to wait to rebook or get a refund. We had to stay in line for over 2 hours, to finally find out that they could only rebook for the next day at 8pm. The staff did not seem to care at all.
Initial flight from DFW to Baltimore was smooth and we even arrived early. However this return flight has been horrible. The past 2 days the flight from Baltimore to DFW has been cancelled due to lost pilots or no flight attendants. This third day the same issue is occuring where they cant find a pilot. The airlines management needs a total rework. You can tell their representatives are not being informed and their staff are not professional. The initial flight time was at 8 am. They wait until 12pm to cancel the flight. I would never recommend Spirit. 
This flight was cancelled at the very last minute because of lack of staffing. The customer service is terrible. We all had to wait in line to find alternative transportation. This took me from 9.40pm until 4.30am. This is unacceptable! No hotel vouchers were offered, and only a $7.00 food voucher. An insult! $50 toward my next ticket was also applied to my account. It will not be used, as I will not use this airline again. I had to wait until 2.20pm the next afternoon to get a flight out. This was to Dallas, where I had a three hour layover, and arrived in Detroit at 12.40am. A full 24 hour delay with no hotel voucher. Would not recommend this airline to anyone.
The day started early but great. The whole family was going to Cancun. The fun stopped very early at the Airport with a gate change that soon lead to flight delay. Setting with a family of 8 we held our own and was excited to hear the crew had arrived to check the plane. An hour and a half goes by and still no word. People around us also started wondering, then we hear another announcement that the crew has arrived and are checking the plane. This leads to another hour delay until it was announced that the flight was canceled. When I asked why, I was told the crew never showed up. We rushed to gate to get a refund and change airlines. That was a whole other problem of an unorganized department of Spirit. They had police waiting because they knew flight was going to be cancelled and people were going to be upset. I saw trash outside where it had been dumped by ground crew and our luggage was never placed onto the plane, but was left out in the rain. Never saw one ground crew or the inside of the plane
Last flight with Spirit. Pitiful experience. Our family of 6 purchased our tickets in Dec. for our trip to MX this week. On the day of travel, just as we were heading out of the door, Spirit notified me by email our flight was delayed. Then a couple of hours later, another delay. So I decided to call Spirit to find out what was going on. After 1.5 hour hold on the phone I was finally able to speak to a human. The supervisor I spoke with explained that our flight was not delayed but cancelled, due to unforeseen weather. I immediately jumped on DFW airport website to see if other flights were being delayed or cancelled as it was partly cloudy in DFW. The supervisor then tells me that the next available flight he can move us to is on Friday the 19th and all Spirit can do is offer us a refund or move our flight to Friday, with no solution for the condo's we have paid for starting the 16th. I don't feel that Spirit was honest about the flight cancellation. Spirit's uncaring and unwavering position is totally unacceptable, which is the reason we will not spend our hard-earned money with this airline again.
I read past reviews and learned that you need to read their guidelines in advance. I avoided the $100 fee to check in at the gate but still had to pay somewhere between $40 - $50 just for a seat and a carry on bag. Simply getting a seat is extra - this was still OK for me, the total price was still cheap considering I booked the flight a couple days before it left. After reading the reviews I was fully anticipating a 1.5 hour delay, or more. Somehow a miracle occurred and our flight left only 20 minutes late - and we made up those 20 minutes on the flight back. However, flying out of LAX I looked at every other scheduled departures for Spirit and all of them were delayed by at least 2hours. I truly believe that people only complain when things go wrong - I thought maybe this airlines bad reviews are simply because those who get to where they're going with no hiccups never bother writing reviews. With that in mind I had every intention of writing a review, no matter how good or bad the flight went. My flight was good, but the fact that all other flights were delayed by that much scares me. I overheard some of their announcements on further delays, and no explanation was given. I'm not going to fly Spirit again purely for that reason. You know something's wrong when an airline can scare away a traveler for reasons that didn't affect their own flight.
Flight to Detroit on June 12th with no problem, except for weather delays and the gate changed three times before we left. My return flight, different story - I drove 2 hours to return to Detroit to get a nonstop flight to Houston at 7:30 a.m. Flight kept getting delayed due to no flight attendants. 4 hours later, they cancelled the flight due to the same reason. Sent us to the desk at baggage claim area where there was no organization. All the clerk would do was schedule me a flight out the next afternoon, I told her this was not good enough as I needed to be back in Houston. I asked to be booked on another airline but was told this was not an option as they have seats available on their airline. She said all she could do was to give me a refund of this flight and 3 $7.00 meal tickets and I could go upstairs and find another airline to fly on. Very unprofessional and no courtesy at all. After spending 18 hours in the Detroit airport, I finally got home on another airline. I do not recommend this airline.
Their customer support is horrible, very unfriendly, and cancel flights at the drop of a hat when all other airlines are still flying. My girlfriend and I had been planning a trip to Cabo San Lucas for 5 months and were supposed to be meeting about 15 other friends there in June 2015. We arrived at the Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas at 6 am. Our flight didnt leave until 10.35 am. We had been on their website constantly checking our flight status to make sure it was going to be ontime, which it was up until about 30 mins before our flight. Then for no reason at all, it was cancelled. They said due to bad weather, but when questioned about why they arent flying, but all other airlines in the airport are flying, they couldnt give a direct answer. Spend the little extra to get yourself and your family on a reputable airline.
This is the second time we have flown Spirit and it will be the last! We were notified by email on the afternoon of our departure that our flight would leave two hours later than expected. Therefore my husband and I decided not to rush and left for the airport a little later that we would have if our flight was going to be on time. About half way to the airport, we get another email now saying the flight had been moved up again and would be leaving in 1.5 hours. We hurried to the airport, paid extra for valet parking so that we would not miss our flight. Then we were all packed and ready to return home to Chicago and we received an email saying our flight was delayed. Then we got another email saying our flight back to Chicago was cancelled! My husband called Spirit and was on hold for 1 hour and 10 minutes only to be told that Spirit could not get us to Chicago until Friday and this was Monday evening! We were told to go to the airport and talk to them which we did at 10.00 am this morning only to find out that there are no Spirit employees even at the airport until 4.00 p.m. and there were not even any kiosk signs for Spirit. It was if they didn't even exist. We then had to pay over $1000 to fly home on Alaska because we have jobs and could not wait another 4 days to get home. I will never fly this airline again. They are rude, unprofessional and furthermore, after you pay for everything a la carte, you could fly a reputable airline for the same price or less.
Worst flight experience. Arrived at 6.00am for a 7.15am Spirit flight to San Diego. At 6.25am they announced the flight was delayed until 10am. Then 11.25, then 12.20, then 3.30pm, then 5.40pm then cancelled. We rebooked on a 6.40pm flight to Las Vegas. It was delayed until 8.00, 8.40,9.05, then 10.45pm. It was finally cancelled. We all ran to the ticket counter for refunds and info. Its 11.24pm and there is over 50 people in line still waiting. Spirit gets a F+ for lying to us and a total lack of communication. The gate agents even disappeared for a long time. 
I flew with my husband to Fort Lauderdale, FL from NYC for a weekend vacation. Their were delays on the outbound flight (which we were notified of in a timely manner) but nothing major. However, the return flight was quite different. Our flight on Sunday 14th of June was cancelled so we were given three solutions: 1) take the next direct flight to NYC on Tuesday the 16th (not an option as we had to work on Monday) 2) Get the refund for this flight and book a last minute flight (much more expensive) with a different airline. 3) Fly the Atlantic City on Monday (arriving in the afternoon) and take another transportation (that we would have to pay) all the way to New York. The person at the front desk was trying to help us as best as she could, just following the directions of the airline. We decided to get the refund found another flight for Monday morning. We also had to pay for an extra night at the hotel. I guess we got what we paid for - low cost tickets also mean low cost service.
We booked our honeymoon to Cancun flying with Spirit and this was the worst thing we could of done. We got there 2 hours early and there was already a huge line. 30 minutes before we were suppose to take off they canceled our flight because the crew did not show up. Not sure what the real problem was, but we were given the option to wait to find other flights or get a full refund. Due to the lack of information we decided to cancel our trip. If there was an option to give them a zero I would. Avoid.
Luckily I did some reasearch the day prior to my flight which helped me saved quite a few fees I was totally clueless too. Unfortunately, I didn't check up on the customers' satisfaction. I arrived an hour before my flight to print my pas and that's when the screen proceeds to inform me the flight was cancelled. All they wanted to do was refund my money or put me on a flight for the next day. The customer reps seem to careless about the situation and let me know straight up it's either I take it or leave it. Weird unh, because if I was the one cancelling my reservation, I would get fined up to a $150 but when they mess up, you're suppose to accept it like it's natural. They were very non cooperative. This was my first and will definitely be my last experience with them.
Thought we would save some money for a quick trip to Philadelphia. Our flight was to leave at 2:30pm. We started getting delays and gate changes on the way to the airport. We got to the airport around 12:30 with the updated delay now at 3:30. The gate attendant kept saying that they are waiting on the pilot and co-pilot. Talk about throwing the pilots under the bus - wow. I'm sure the pilots were delayed from their flight coming in however the gate agents didn't say that, just that they were waiting on the pilots to show up. This was a constant announcement for several hours. Then about 5:30pm the gate agent announced that they are giving our plane to the Denver route since we don't have pilots. At 6:30pm the gate agent announced that our flight was cancelled and to follow her to the ticket counter out front. The scene was crazy. We were lucky to be toward the very front of the line. I can't even imagine how long people were waiting. The lines were horrific, incredible lack of professionalism, and then no flight. I would never recommend this airline.
We arrived at the airport in plenty of time to check bags - 30 minutes before boarding the flight was cancelled. Spent the next 3 hours waiting in line with the rest of the passengers. Apparently Spirit cancelled every flight departing from Houston at the last minute. All other airlines were flying without issue. Needless to say my entire vacation was ruined. 5 - 7 business days to refund the flight and baggage fees! The fare is not cheaper once you pay for all the "extras".
Do not fly this airline unless you have no other choice. If you're looking at price, consider that you may have up to $100 in additional fees each way when you're comparing to other airlines if you're checking a bag. Pay attention to the fine print and the even finer print when you're thinking about checking or carrying on bags. This is hands down the worst experience I have had on an airline, and I'm not half done with my trip yet. I am sitting in the airport delayed 4 hours for my first and last Spirit Airlines flight (except for the flight home, which I unfortunately have to endure). 
This Company has the worst Customer service I have ever had to deal with. I had a flight leaving from Denver to LA. It was delayed twice at the last minute and finally cancelled after four hours. I waited in line for 4 hours and was nowhere close to being helped. I asked to speak to a manager because I am in the military and needed to get a refund so I could book another flight. I was told there was nothing they could do for me. I tried to call Customer service and was on hold for 2 hours waiting for someone to help. I finally had my family come get me and booked another flight on another airline for the next day. I never did get to talk to someone after being at the airport for 8 hours. It is not worth the price to fly this airline.
Flight attendant scheduling issue! Passengers were supposed to board plane at 6.30 am for a 7.15 departure but there aren't any flight attendants with little to no updates on when we will depart. Flight does not show delayed for people in Tampa to pick up parties. I will never fly a cheap airline like Spirit again as there is no money saved since no food or drinks are served free and bags (checked or carry on) are expensive.
Flew internationally from Costa Rica in hopes to arrive in Dallas. When we arrived in fort Lauderdale, we were in the process of customs for over 1.5 hours causing us to be late to the connecting flight. Even though the airplane was still there and finishing prep work for the flight, they would not let us on the plane because "the doors are already closed". We asked about a different flight and were told that there was no other flight to leave that day. That was incorrect because there was another flight to leave 20 minutes after ours to dallas that we may have been able to get on. After sitting at the ticket counter for over 1 hour, we were told by a "supervisor" that there was nothing we could do and we would need to wait till the next day. We were lucky enough to rebook with Southwest airlines (who had a 2 minute ticket counter wait). I will never fly Spirit again!
We got here 2.5 hrs early to buy our bags. But they wouldn't take payments over the phone and we couldn't buy them online without having to call customer service. We've been on hold with them for 1.5 hrs and still haven't been connected. A lot of flights have been cancelled due to 'weather', and they only tell the passengers when they go to get their boarding pass. They don't email or call them to let them know.
I made the poor decision to fly Spirit. Not only was the flight over 2 hours late going and over 1 hour late on my return trip I did not receive an email informing me of the delay until after we took off. The women at the gate did not know that we had our second delay until I asked here when we would be arrive since we had yet another delay she said it was not delayed again then I told her to look at the sign behind her! She was very rude and unprofessional. I will never fly Spirit again!!
First and last time using this airline, I was at first willing to oversee the fact that our departure plane was running over an hour late and that I paid $100 for 2 carry ons (I should have read their guidelines ahead of time) but when it was time to return I did the check in online and prepaid for baggage and when I arrived to airport I still had to stand in line to get my baggage labels and then I had to drop them off myself to the drop off station and it was still $80 for pre paid baggage. Then our plane was delayed, then 2 hours later they told us it was cancelled because of "bad weather", other flights were taking off. I believe since it was one of the last flights of the day and since the airplane wasn't full they gave preference to other flights with more people. Then they told us to go out of security to talk to customer service. There was a huge line and it turned out the next flight was going to be until Monday, I would need to spend 2 additional nights there, we ended up renting a car a driving home, we requested a refund which we will get a partial refund and will take 10 business days to get processed. Cheaper is definitely not better, never again.
My wife scheduled a flight from Detroit to New York on Saturday June 14th. We had to get up at 4am to drive the 45 miles to the airport to catch a 6.15 am flight. Not a problem doing that. It is a fair exchange for a low cost flight. I drive back home and expect to hear from my wife around 9am that she is safe and sound in New York. Instead I get a phone call that the flight has been delayed because they did not have a 2nd officer available. She and about 200 other passengers were kept waiting with no information other than they were "working on it". It turns out the pilots were on strike. Flights were available on other airlines at affordable rates early in the day. by the time they told them the flight was cancelled almost all flights were gone or would have cost $600+ more. They offered a refund or they would try and reschedule. They sent everyone to baggage claim where there were no chairs and no particular order of processing. It was a stampede. After 5 hours of standing my wife was finally scheduled for the next day at 9.15am but the flight they gave her was wrong and the connection in Philly was wrong. She ended up in DC and did not get to NYC until 4.30pm, 7 1/4 hours later. So they got her there but at what cost to us with additional gas and time. They are not worth the headache. 
My flight was scheduled to leave at 2.25pm. On my arrival I found out it was delayed until 3.35pm.Then the schedule changed 3 more times, I finally flew out at 6.45pm. Very unsatisfied with their services.
The worst experience of my life. 6 hour delay with no help or info from staff. Gate got changed twice and if it wasn't for other people who had their updates sent to their email none of the other people would have know. The workers were clueless about everything. Once we finally flew to Vegas we waited on the plane for an hour and a half for a gate to open so we could get off. I had my 3 year old with me and she was crying because she was tired and hungry. It is now 6.30 am I'm finally with family, this all started at 7pm Chicago time the day before. Never again will I fly Spirit.
My family and I have flown Spirit Airlines before, and we have long realized that with the steep discounts of their fare structure, that our flights are going to lack some of the frills of other airlines. I know that I/we are going to be charged a significant premium for our baggage and will travel in very cramped/uncomfortable seats unless we pay the big surcharge. We understand that, and we have long adjusted to the way this company will charge. My problem exists with the way this business is run, in terms of the unexplained flight delays, maintenance of the planes, and late cancellations. First flight out of Fort Lauderdale, initially explained that "someone was sick", was delayed 3 hours - missed a meeting in Piitsburgh. Traveled to FL, delayed 1.5 hours (unexplained), broken seats in partially reclined position, air fans not working in our part of plane (very congested and warm) for 2.5 hours. For this last Spirit flown vacation, we did not even get what we paid for, we got a whole lot less!
Do not fly Spirit unless you have lots of time to spare. My flight from Denver to Minneapolis was canceled on Sunday June 14, 2015 afternoon due to the fact that they did not have a pilot. There was only one agent at the Denver desk helping people who had to be rescheduled. The wait in line was well over 1 hour. The next direct flight on Spirit was two days later ! All other airlines were totally booked for that evening. They would not put me on a direct Delta flight for the next morning. It was a very bad experience. It was a very costly experience.
We were delayed 2 hrs on our flight from Denver to Los Angeles. Now on our return flight we are delayed 1 hr to begin with. The plane has landed but now it is delayed for 1-2 hrs because there is no crew for the plane. This is ridiculous. 2 of their flights were cancelled today and 3 have been delayed. 
My first time flying with Spirit. It was by far the worst experience I've had. Our flight was scheduled to leave on June 11th at 8.30 pm from Denver to Detroit. When we got to the airport, we saw it was delayed until 10.30 pm. I wasn't too upset, I can wait for a little while. Then when we returned again to our gate, it was delayed again until 11.30 pm. So another hour, so we sit and wait. Then I received an email that our flight was cancelled. I walked up to the attendants behind the counter, he told us due to weather they had to cancel, but we can talk with someone at the Terminal to find out what our options were. My mother and I had to go across the airport to talk about rescheduling our flight. We found out that the next available flight was on Saturday, June 13th. We couldnt wait that long. I started to look on Spirits website and found a flight to Cleveland, OH. This was somewhat close to where we needed to go. He rebooked our flight but there was no compensation for the inconvenience or a Sorry for the hassle. On our way back from Detroit, our fight was delayed yet again for about 2 hours. I guess they were missing staff for the flight. The Captain never showed and they needed another flight attendant. It was the worst Ive had. Ill stick with Southwest for now on.
I show up to the airport, Spirit delays the first departure "due to weather" yet other flights are leaving for Cancun Mexico. Then Spirit cancels the whole flight for the day then they cancel for the next day. I hear some of their employees talking saying that the pilots just didn't show up and to blame it all on the weather. Then to top it off they wouldn't refund us our money until we made a scene. I'll never use Spirit again.
Our drive to the airport was approximately 6 hours. As we were pulling up we got a phone call that our flight was cancelled. At the counter we were told it was a staff issue but my gut was they just cancelled due to lack of passengers. We had hoped we could make other arrangements that day but that was out of the question. They could 'maybe' get us to our destination the next day, late afternoon after an 8 hour excursion (I believe Denver is a 1 or 2 hour flight from Minneapolis) but there were no guarantees either. No food allowance or room accommodation would be given either. As we were attending a conference this didn't make any sense so we ended up getting a refund. We did find out later there were other flights on other airlines that could of got us there on time, the Spirit staff are not or maybe are not allowed to be that helpful. There was no empathy on their part, it was almost like they had grown used to this, judging by the many reviews, this is a common occurrence. You have to feel bad for the front line staff at Spirit. I do not recommend Spirit if you actually have to get someone which seems a bit silly doesn't it. Their slogan is 'Less Money, More Go' but should actually read 'Less Money (in your pocket), no more Go'!
I don't even know where to start. My boyfriend and I were supposed to fly from Denver to O'Hare. I got an email about an hour and a half before my flight saying the flight was on time, and I get to the airport and try to get my tickets from the Kiosk and it says the flight was cancelled. I asked about it and they gave me no explanation and told me my only choice was to get a refund and take a flight two days later, which is obviously not helpful, I chose that day to fly for a reason. Then on the way back I got an email saying the flight was delayed 30 minutes. Then another 30 minutes, and then they changed the gate for some reason and then had another 30 minute delay. I was supposed to depart at 9.55pm and did not depart until about 11.45pm. Will never use this airline again, makes sense why it is so cheap.
We arrived at the airport 3 hours early to beat the LA traffic. We had our seats prior and had to pay a 100 dollar fee for our bags, one each. When it was time to board we got in line and waited 15 minutes while the attendant helped a woman figure out her purchase. We asked a couple of times if we can board but we're ignored. Finally the attendant said we missed the flight and would not be refunded. I was shocked and asked when the next flight out was and was told not until the next day. I asked for a refund was told no but finally was granted one after ranting and raving. I asked why he didn't stop to help us when I clearly said we were waiting for the flight. He
said he called our names, we were there and didn't hear a thing. We went to JetBlue and they took good care of us.
My overall first time experience with Spirit was horrible. From checking my bag to waiting 2 hours for my flight. When I arrived I went through the line where pre-boarded flyers could go to check their bag. The lines were extremely long due to a flight being cancelled. After checking in our flight status was on-time up until 30 minutes prior to boarding. The reason for our flight being delayed was due to an insufficient amount of pilots. The pilots for our plane was on another delayed flight. Very annoying because this was the last flight leaving.
My boyfriend and I got up at 5 am this morning to make our 8am flight to Orlando from Detroit. It is now 3.45pm and I'm still sitting at the gate. They have given us updates every 2 hours or so saying that a new pilot is on his way from Pittsburgh with no explanation as to why a new pilot was needed in the first place. They've lied and said he was only an hour away for 5 hours! As an apology they gave us food vouchers worth 7 dollars, which helped a lot with the 85 dollar bill I got from TGI fridays! I've had a lot of bad experiences flying Spirit, but this will be my last.
So, I was using Skyscanner to find a flight from Latrobe to Houston for a friend. I wish I'd read the reviews for Spirit first, because as it stands, she's sitting at an airport in Chicago after a delayed flight because the connecting flight to Houston was cancelled. We haven't discussed the service yet, though I can imagine it was sub-par at best. To make matters worse, instead of changing her flight or even putting her up in a hotel for the night, all they're doing is refunding the payment, and if I had to guess, not even all of it. I was cautious going into it, making sure not to let the extra fees pile up, because believe me, there's a ton of them. From seat selection to baggage, they have a fee for everything. So, here I am, trying to book another flight while she finds a place to stay. Spirit you've taught me a valuable lesson. Don't fly Spirit Airlines.
Flight was cancelled due to weather. This, one might be able to understand  until you see a JetBlue flight taking off with a departure set for one minute past Spirit's set departure time to the exact same airport allegedly experiencing weather problems. I should also add, the Spirit plane was at the gate and the crew were on board. They deplaned! With zero help from Spirit, I managed to get a JetBlue flight to DCA. On my return flight I tragically stayed with Spirit. The flight was on time, but there were no gates for the plane to use. We were one full hour delayed due to slow scheduled flights. Then, while on the plane, we had to wait for 20 planes ahead of us. I've flown tightly packed jets before so I didn't think it could get any more ridiculous. Suffice to say it was more ridiculous. If you are a man of simply avg height you will be extremely uncomfortable. There might be 12 inches of leg room on an airbus 320. That is being generous. It feels more like 10. Pity the fool in the middle or window seat. Beyond this I had to fight over the price of my bag. I paid for a bag both coming and going. They claim I bought one way for the bag. So because I got refunded the trip to NYC, including the bag, I had to buy another bag fee. If there is any good thing to say - spirit has non reclining seats. But then again, there is no room anyway. All in all, it was a totally wretched experience top to bottom, and I will never fly Spirit again.
I was not actually flying, it was my son who was flying. Since my son, who is 14yrs old, needed to fly as an unaccompanied minor, I arrived at the airport ready to pay the fee and escort him to the gate. When I get to the counter, and presented the paper I was told to print and bring with me, the agent told me "well, after I enter all your info, you probably won't make it to the gate in time and we have no more flights to Las Vegas until Saturday. So what do you want to do?" Excuse me? After waiting another 10 mins for the supervisor, my son was put on a stand by list for the next flight in the afternoon, not Saturday! So in the afternoon, I return to the airport, over an hour before the flight even closed (all flights close for check in 30 mins before take off) only to find myself and my son running down the terminal towards the gate, with the 1 bag that I paid to have checked, but there was no time to check it in. Then still having to fill out a form at the gate regarding who would be picking him up at his destination airport, the guy who gave me the paper told me "here, fill this out and you have 2 mins to do it!" Bottom line, my son arrived safely to Las Vegas. But unfortually he has to fly Spirit back to San Diego.
Flight 936, 6/12/15, scheduled to take off 4.49 pm, Atlantic City To Chicago. Delayed until 5.15 pm. Delayed again until 7 pm. Cancelled at 7.15 pm, supposedly due to storms near Chicago. I called Philadelphia International and spoke with United Airlines, whose representative said they had just sent a jet to Chicago at 5.45 pm and were sending another at 8 pm. This is the second time Spirit has unilaterally cancelled a flight for an unknown reason when other airlines were sending flights to the same destinations. I'll never chose Spirit again, despite the proximity of the airport to my home. I'll spend the extra money and leave from Philly.
I waited over 10 hours at McCarran Airport in Las Vegas Nevada to find out our flight was delayed twice and then cancelled for the night. It was about 3am when we had to run downstairs to redo our flights and find that instead of being home on time for work, me and my friends were not expected to make it to Pennsylvania until the next night. There was "no pilots available" not really sure how that happens but it was ridiculous. Making us sleep on the chairs/floor of the airport and being delayed then cancelled is unacceptable. There is no room in the seat on the airplane and paying for a drink of water is ridiculous. Will never fly Spirit again. 
This round-trip flight was my first experience with flying Spirit Airlines. The initial price was significantly less than comparable round-trip flights. However the consumer should be aware that it is virtually impossible to travel Spirit Air without additional costs unless you can travel with just a backpack or other small carry-on item that will fit under the seat in front of you. Any additional baggage whether stowed or carry-on is charged. There is no complimentary food or beverage service and there is a fee to select your seat. After selecting my seat and paying for two bags (charged for each bag each way) my cost savings over other airlines was insignificant. In addition the in-flight service from the flight attendants was mediocre at best and the seat space was very cramped. The worst part about the experience however was the delays on both the outbound and return flights. My outbound flight was delayed nearly 3 hours and my return flight delayed 45 minutes. In neither case was the delay related to the weather air traffic control or anything related to the airport. In the first case the explanation given for the delay had to do with the aircraft being delayed for previous flights thus arriving late for my flight. On the return flight takeoff was delayed due to one of the flight attendants scheduled for my flight arriving late to the airport on another Spirit flight. The one gentleman in my row of seats on the return flight said how his outbound Spirit flight was also delayed. The other person in our row said when she booked her flight through a travel web site that she received a warning prior to confirming her purchase stating that 60% of Spirit flights are delayed. I can respect an airline for being "no frills" with the goal of keeping their costs low. However there is a difference between "no frills" and poor business practice. The delays appear to be the result of nothing other than airline inefficiency and the apparent consistency of delayed flights is inexcusable. To me that is not "no frills" but evidence of a business being poorly run. An airline can also be "no frills" but still provide friendly polite in-flight service. I'm not even talking here about the fact that they charge for all in-flight food and beverages but rather the general lack of friendliness and courteousness from the flight staff. I'm grateful to have been able to have a direct flight to my destination via Spirit and to have arrived to and from my destination safely. Beyond that my experience with the airline was mostly negative and I would not recommend Spirit Air unless it is your only option. If you do choose to fly Spirit beware of the specific costs travel light and plan for delays.
Extremely cheap and there's a reason for that. They ping you everywhere they can with extra fees. Read the luggage policies VERY carefully and stick to them or it'll cost you hundreds of dollars. The seats don't recline and there's no video/games etc. They charge for water ($3). Right now I'm seated on a plane that's been delayed for three hours firstly from a lack of flight attendants and secondly because they stuffed up packing the bags and failed to balance the plane. In compensation for the delay they've offered a flight voucher worth $50. I won't be using it.
We've had quite the week with Spirit. Our first flight was TPA to DFW it spammed our phone with emails every 5 minutes with delays and playing musical gates. 4 Gate changes and a ton of delays later we pinned down our gate and waited our 2 hour delay. Time to go home DFW to TPA non stop another 3 delay notifications put our flight 4 hours late. All monitors in the airport continued to say on time. One of my group confused about the monitors not adding up to the notifications checks their website. The website says its cancelled! Turns out to be true and they weren't telling anyone. This got us onto the next mornings flight however left us stranded. More the 100$ in unexpected hotel costs later we return the next morning. All monitors say on time but then it starts. The notifications are blowing up the phone again. Knowing better this time we check the website right away. Cancelled again! Before they bother to tell anyone we rushed to the counter and got onto the next flight 12 hours later. Right away we being getting notifications for delays on a flight that's 12 hours away. Now our flight also has a layover. The first flight DFW to Ft. Lauderdale is 2 hours delayed. This means we should miss our layover to TPA. Not to worry that flight was delayed 3 hours as noted by the emails we had been getting all day. Workers have no idea what they're doing. Delays on all flights. Frequent cancellations. All drinks must be paid for. No leg room even in the 25$ extra space chairs we learned the emergency rows actually have leg room but prepare for the knees of the people behind you to be stuffed in your back. They will charge for all checked bags 40-100$ a bag. They also charge for carry-ons larger then a small backpack 25$ and a second carry on is 100$. 0/10 will never fly again.
At first you think you're getting a discounted fare and you'll accept the odd departure and arrival times. But everything goes sideways if you have any baggage or desire to arrive on time or leave on time. The extra fees make the cost greater then booking with other airlines. The website is deceiving - weights of bags are not clearly defined and the I was not able to print boarding passes the website does make an effort to be pleasant with uplifting comments upon failure: "Please print this failure message and show to the ticket counter attendant to avoid additional fees". The plane itself is flight worthy the pilots are competent and landings are smooth. However the staff generally apologize very politely constantly.
I flew from Minneapolis to Portland layovers both ways. First flight was cancelled and I had to wait 24 hours for the next one the man at the counter was rude and didn't speak English well so it took awhile to get anything figured out. They said the flight was cancelled because of weather in Chicago. I checked and the weather was clear and 85 there? I live 3 hours from the airport and wasn't provided a motel. Every flight was delayed after that. Seats are tiny and uncomfortable. All the passengers were crabby because they have spent hours or days in airports waiting for planes and flights that were delayed or canceled. I'll spend twice as much next time just to avoid this airline.
June 2 2015. Spirit emails everyone about delays and gate changes but not about cancelled flights! My husband and I checked in got our boarding passes and waited at the gate only to be told that our flight was cancelled. We had to go back to ticketing get our flights changed get new boarding passes retrieve our luggage from baggage claim go through TSA again and waited at our gate. This flight was 3 hours delayed!! Yes it was a cheap flight. Yes I paid for baggage check-in. I never expected Spirit to be so inconsiderate about the first cancellation. Everyone in line with us waited for the emails but did not get them. Plus ticketing agents were clueless about the cancellations. Very sad. Very poor operations.
The only reason my wife and I booked with Spirit is that they are the only airline offering 95 minute non-stop flights from Philly to Myrtle Beach. All other airlines have connecting flights with 4-5 hour travel times. The low fare was a bonus. We arrived at 5am for our 7.30am departure to find out that the flight was cancelled without explanation and with no assistance. We later found out that Spirit will arbitrarily and without warning cancel flights when they don't have enough seats sold. We and the other 100+ passengers needed to scramble to find seats with other airlines which were mostly sold out.
I flew Spirit Airlines over the weekend and it was the worst experience I have had while flying. The inflight service was horrible no complimentary water nuts or anything. The lowest price was $2 for a tiny cup of coffee or tea. No in-flight entertainment to speak of aside from listening to unhappy customers grumbling and the baby behind me screaming. Absolutely no legroom and I'm a pretty average sized 21-year-old woman. The seats didn't recline not that I would have wanted to lay in the lap of the poor mother behind me. Then I was charged $50 for my carry-on twice after I was told that it would cover all legs of my travel from Portland to Cancun. None of the people employed with the airline were helpful in any way or even seemed to know what was going on half the time. On the last leg on my return flight from Cancun Chicago O'Hare to Portland as well as two others flights were cancelled after being delayed for over two hours. I was not given a reason for this cancellation until I was told by other passengers that the flight staff from the Portland flight and Vegas flight had been pulled to the Houston flight. After that all three planes worth of people went to the desk to try and get refunded for at least the leg that was cancelled or maybe a voucher for a hotel room for the night. I stood in that line from 11.30pm to about 2.30 or 3am. After bonding with many people over mutual disgust of Spirit Airlines I found out that some people had been waiting to get to Portland or Vegas since their flights were first cancelled on May 28th. It was now the 31st. That took care of my idea to just re-book with them for a morning flight to Portland. Next I heard that the vouchers they were giving people for hotels were useless. When I finally got up to the counter the woman was very hard to understand she mumbled so much. At that point I had been up for 40 hours plus and I think people could still understand me pretty well. Overall I feel like I wasted my time and money. I wish I had just paid more for a Delta flight.
This is the worst airline I've been on! This company is very poorly managed. The airline nickles and dimes you for everything. Be careful to read everything before you book because they charge extra to reserve a seat which by the way are uncomfortable and do not even recline. With the exception of 1 employee that I encountered they are not friendly people. None of the flight attendants seemed to like their jobs. None of the employees seem to know their jobs. Our flight departed 3 hours late. Then when the plane couldn't land at our destination because of bad weather they took us to another destination. OK anyone that has flown understands that these things happen. But the attitudes of the workers and the lack of communication made this a horrible experience. We were stranded for almost 7 hours after we were told that ground transportation was being supplied to get us to our destination. What should have been a 3-hour trip turned into an 18-hour ordeal. I will never fly on this airline again.
Spirit is mercenary and anything but a bargain. I flew from Denver to Chicago not that it matters where you fly with them and my apparent "bargain" $140 fare became: $140 fare + $45 each way checked bag ($90) + $45 each way carry-on bag ($90) 140 + 90 + 90= $320. Not a bargain at all! I could have flown a "real" airline that doesn't charge extra for everything including water! The seats didn't recline on the A319 I flew on both ways and the attendants were like robots. My advice is not to even consider Spirit.
Flight 921 left 5/30. I booked with Spirit because I thought it was going to be a cheaper flight only to find out after booking they charge for carry on checked bag and even choosing your seat! Are you kidding me! For my wife and myself I had to pay an additional $286 plus I though joining the $9 club for an additional $59 would save. I can honestly say I will never fly Spirit again! I advise everyone to consider booking with another airline. Be aware of the additional costs! This it was I call very deceiving.
I fly every week and the Spirit flight times are convenient. I got claustrophobic in the tiny seats so I tried to upgrade to an aisle seat. The website messed up and first charged me for two seat upgrades then stuck me in the back window seat anyway. On the return trip it showed me seated in a big front seat. Then when I printed off the boarding pass I was stuck in a back window seat again! I went to the gate and was told there was nothing they could do on the (already delayed) flight. I tried calling customer service and going on the website but could not get through to customer service at all. Is this how they treat their frequent flyers? I may have to bite the bullet and spend the extra money for Delta because I do not trust Spirit!
I chose Spirit Airlines because they were the only ones that had a direct flight on the days I needed to fly. The price was good so I thought it was a good deal. Little did I know that my bags one checked and one carry on cost more than my round trip ticket! The departure flight left late was overbooked and the seatbelt on my seat was broken so instead of boarding in the first group I was asked to wait until the end to board and see what seat might be left. So at that point we are over an hour late from the original take off time. I did finally get a seat but I was the last one to board the plane. Then the return flight 6 days later. Of course there was a problem. We boarded on time which I thought was great. Then after sitting at the gate for 20 minutes the announcement came that we were unloading because there was no crew to fly the plane! Another hour plus delay waiting for a crew. The we got on the plane again with quit a few empty seats. I was in a seat with two screaming kicking children behind me. Prior to take off some people had moved into the empty seats towards the middle of the plane and were told to move back to their original seats because the plane was loaded according to weight. I intended to ask a flight attendant if I could move to an empty seat as soon as I saw one and surprise surprise I did not see one attendant throughout the whole flight! I will never fly Spirit Airlines.
Terrible airline experience. I bought a ticket from Ohio to Las Vegas for fairly cheap just to be nickled and dimed for food beverages seats and baggage fees. I would have much rather paid a little bit more and used another airline. The flight attendants were rude unprofessional and acted as if they hated their job. My flight back to Ohio was delayed for one hour and our baggage terminal was also changed last minute.
We traveled home from Vegas yesterday. When we had booked the flight a few months ago we thought we had gotten a fair price until the additional charges were racked up. We printed our boarding passes and discovered we needed to add one piece of luggage to our flight. The help screen said what to do on the website but it did not offer the option to make the change. Finally we found the "HELP phone line" and used the hotel room to phone in our request. It was almost an hour of waiting on hold before we were able to talk to real person! I was able to add our luggage but it was another $40 dollars for a one bag. We were seated in the middle of the plane and the girls in the row in front of us were very loud for almost the entire trip. The flight attendants seemed "afraid" to ask them to quieten down and stay seated. We will not be flying with this airline again.
We just returned from a trip to Cabo San Lucas from San Diego on Spirit Airlines and we will never fly Spirit Airlines again! To begin with their website is probably the most poorly designed website I have ever seen. You may find a cheaper ticket to wherever you are going - but check the fine print! You must pay for baggage including carry on and it is not cheap. Nothing is free when you fly - you pay for water soda snacks - they give you nothing! There is no entertainment and the flight attendants are about as useless as hang nails. Our flight home was delayed 3 hours the customer service at the ticket counters are not very helpful - its a good thing we enjoyed our week in Cabo because getting there and returning home was a nightmare! The seats in this airplane were disgustingly dirty old and torn - do yourself a favor - never fly Spirit!
May 24 2015 flight 675 Atlanta (ATL) - Orlando (MCO). This is an airline that uses intimidation and deception. when you purchase a ticket and go to select a seat the only seats that show available are the 15 and 20 dollar seats the others are greyed out like unavailable. If you choose to take a chance on a random seat and not pay extra it will assign you a seat basically they want you to purchase more expensive seats which I might add there is no leg room at all if you had to put your head on your knees for a emergency landing you could not do it. Last issue was being intimidated into paying 50 dollars for my carryon at the counter when the carry on was within their guidelines for free size. We were told pay 50 dollars at check-in counter or 100 at gate. At the gate they had a size basket to check your carry on but not at the check-in counter. We purchased a bag especially to meet the requirements but did not want to have a hold up at the gate because we had to get home. We will never fly this airline again. When you add up everything they want you to pay it is no bargain - beware!
I flew from Las Vegas to Houston. We had 3 gate changes during a midnight flight. Not to mention the one and a half hour delay. The best part is Spirit only accounted my miles from Vegas to Houston and not from Houston to Vegas. The seats can't be reclined and are very stiff; horribly uncomfortable. Yes it was cheap but I think that's what you get for what you paid.
I jumped on the chance to fly to Costa Rica round trip for less than $350 as most people would but I regret my decision and would have much rather paid a bit more to fly any other airline. The cheap airfare is made up by the airline in baggage fees at $45 for a checked bag or $50 for a carry on and all food water or soda is for purchase only. When leaving Costa Rica the flight attendants and ticket checkers searched our bags and took the beverages that we purchased inside the airport past security telling us we were not allowed to bring drinks on the plane. The flight attendants were rude unprofessional and acted as if they hated their job. Not a single of the 4 legs of our trip left the airport on time and the seats on the plane are extremely tight. I am 5'3" 120# and my knees were in the back of the seat in front of me and the seats do not recline. It was an incredibly uncomfortable experience. I will never ever fly with this airline again and I will see that none of my family or friends fly with this pitiful airline.
Terrible airline experience. I bought a ticket for my girlfriend the flight was from Minneapolis to Portland with a stop in Chicago. 4 hour delay in Minneapolis because of weather. But then they flew to Chicago and then canceled the flight to Portland. Next available flight was 3 days later. Ended up buying a last minute ticket on another airline just to avoid her being stranded for 3 days. Terrible and very costly experience.
We flew from Myrtle Beach to Dallas from Dallas to Las Vegas. Then from Las Vegas to Detroit then Detroit and am now waiting on my return flight to Myrtle Beach. Every leg of this flight was late except the beginning from Myrtle Beach to Dallas. On the flight from Dallas to Vegas they announced that our flight wouldn't be leaving until 7.30 some people left to go eat as this was an hour after it was supposed to depart. Good thing we didn't because they actually left at 6.20 and never changed the sign to delayed departure. Just very unorganized and unprofessional. Not to mention the pure filthiness of the plane. There is no way they actually clean the aircraft after travelers depart from the plane considering they loaded us on immediately. The plane was filthy. I have flown a lot and usually it takes 30-45 minutes to clean and fuel after a plane comes in. This one maybe 10-15 tops. The staff were very unprofessional. We have been so disappointed with Spirit that we would never recommend them to anyone. If I had gotten the tickets for a great price I may have been able to look over some of it but with everything combined the dirtiness unprofessionalism and late departures you can't overlook all of it. I highly recommend paying the bit extra to go with another flight. By the time we paid 80 dollars for luggage fees. That was one bag there and back it was not any cheaper at all.
I just flew in from Boston to Chicago today the staff were rude seats don't recline and if they do you cant tell. The washroom were disgustingly dirty and smelt very bad. It's a shame that a cup of coffee or water isn't complimentary.
Flew with Spirit from Baltimore to Las Vegas. The flight was fine plane was clean we arrived on time. Already had a problem with having to pay for our bags get to Vegas waited for the bags at the carousel after 15 mins of waiting for the bags to start coming off the entire flight was told that our bags were not put on the plane they were still in Baltimore. Was told our bags would be delivered to us by noon the next day. So here we are in Vegas with nothing waiting for it to be convenient for spirit to send us our bags. The bags should have been placed on a flight once they realized the mistake they made. I will never fly with them again.
Absolutely terrible. I knew it was budget but the customer service and queue times are horrendous. Flying IAH to ORD there's consistently a 30 minute wait to begin deboarding the flight. The planes are outdated and I honestly feel in need of a shower and Laundromat after a 2 hour flight in their terrible seats.
Spirit Airlines doesn't seem to care for passengers' convenience and miss every opportunity to make them happy! My weekend trip started with a delayed flight 108 from San Diego to Dallas. However the circumstances were understandable: the plane landed in the international terminal and took time to get re-positioned at the respective gate. Fine! The return flight 107 was an excruciating deal-breaker. Due to a glitch in engine all the passengers were asked to disembark the plane. The repair took 2.5 hours. We were left on our own mercy! When we boarded again the whole gig took off as if nothing ever happened except for a rambling mentioning of 'a slight delay'. I'm thankful for the crew's decision to take their time to investigate what was almost hurtful was the lack of accountability! Most of the passengers were hoping for some free drinks - but when the pilot announced "drinks for purchase" there was an audible growl amid the passengers.
They try to hook you in with the "bare fare". Which is code for al a cart. Aka they charge you for everything. First the flight cost. It seems low. But then you have to pay for a seat pay for a bag (each way no round trip baggage). By the time it was all said and done I came to realize the "cheap flight" with 2 layovers before I would arrive would have been cheaper through Southwest on a direct flight. My flight was delayed and then delayed again and then delayed again. I received the information from my email not from the lady behind the counter at the gate while waiting. During my layover my next flight said on time. Past the boarding time. Past the flight time. Finally it was cancelled a half hour after it should have taken off. Due to no pilots. Then we're told to form a line. 4.5 hours into the line. I still have not been helped. Not with a hotel not with a new flight nothing was offered to eat or drink and by the time they announced the cancellation all of the eateries in the airport had closed. None of the employees knew what they were doing they had no direction. People that were being helped were told to hold while employees disappeared for 30mins and one employee said she would be right back to finish with a customer and never came back. I will never fly Spirit again.
Every week I travel to Chicago from Houston. Good part about flight is it departs on time most of the time. Worst part is when you land. Very rarely you have gate available for the flight that reaches on time. Whoever is scheduling flights for Spirit needs to be fired for not doing their jobs. I can't understand why they have 4 flights coming in at the same time when they have only 2 gates available.
Flying with Spirit is like playing roulette. Sometimes you get a great deal and everything goes relatively smoothly but sometimes you lose big and end up spending triple when they make you wait 8 hours for a flight that they end up cancelling once it's too late to book anything else. I've flown with them several times before and had a few complications but nothing terrible until this past mother's day weekend (May 10 2015). I booked a 6 am flight from Minneapolis to Baltimore with a connection in Chicago. I was supposed to arrive in Baltimore at 11.30am Sunday in time for mother's day but I didn't get home until 2am on Tuesday. I only made it then because I booked a last-minute flight on United. My $130 Spirit ticket ended up costing $480. If you have to be somewhere by a certain date do not book with Spirit.
We booked with Spirit to fly to Puerto Rico (round trip). We flew out of MCO airport in Orlando and were very disappointed with the flight there and back. First off we had to pay 90$ to check in our bag because it was over 40 pounds. 90$ there and back. $180 alone in luggage costs! Next we get on the plane and the seating space is very small and uncomfortable! Only people that will feel comfortable in those seats are children. My boyfriend is 6 feet 4 inches and his legs were cramped the entire flight. Regardless of being able to purchase "Big Room" seats every person should be comfortable while flying. It was miserable. Secondly there was an AC problem where the entire flight was 60 degrees. It was freezing. It was impossible to rest during the flight because there was no leg room and it was so cold. Thirdly we have to purchase drinks and snacks. After paying 90 dollars for luggage you think people are going to pay for snacks! On the way back we bought a blanket for the plane not mentioning already spending 90$ for our luggage. We even decided to purchase bigger spaced seats since we were so uncomfortable last night which was 16$ per person. We paid 32$ for more leg room and when we got on the plane it was just as small. We fly all the time and we are never going to fly on Spirit again.
We got a package deal to Vegas from Kansas City to get married. The price was right in the beginning. We checked in only to find out the normal sized carry on was too big for this particular airline! We flew with a group so it was interesting to see the inconsistency of prices. Our bag was $55 another $50 another $45. The plane itself was fine. Smaller seats less leg room but the good news is you can get in the luggage rack if need be for all of the empty space! Both flight to and from our destination were late with no apparent explanation. We did receive an email stating our flight was delayed however you get there in a timely manner only to hear horror stories of how people's flights are canceled for no reason with no refunds or my favorite people receiving an email of a delay to find the flight was on time so they missed it resulting in them having to purchase another ticket! No snacks or drink provided. Without a doubt the worst airline ever! Never again!
On May 10 2015 flight #365 from New Orleans to DFW was canceled due to inclement weather in North Texas. The customers were definitely not a priority for the airlines. The customer service lines were non existent was on hold for an hour. When I reached the ticket counter the ticket agents couldn't have cared less about our predicament. The only option given was a refund. No options for hotel or rental car vouchers were offered. We were even told that we would have to pay and extra $90 fee if we wanted to book the next available flight home the next day! Never again Spirit. I'd rather drive.
I had booked a ticket from Atlantic City to Chicago. The flight was supposed to leave at 4.49pm. However due to some scheduling issues the flight was rescheduled for 8pm. This was not done in one go but multiple times. It was first changed to 5.24pm then back to 4.49pm then 5.55 6.30 7.24 7.40 8pm. This threw our plans. There were three gate changes once we were in the airport. The flight we were supposed to travel came in at 7.02pm and we were all set to travel by 8. In another 15 minutes just before boarding we were told that the flight will again be delayed because the pilot had not arrived. We waited for another hour outside and half an hour in the plane before the pilot arrived. No proper explanations from the member of the staff. The plane took off at 9.28pm and reached Chicago at 10.45pm. We were 4.5 hours late. This is my second bad experience in a year. Try your best to avoid it.
On May 9 2015 I attempted to fly Spirit Airlines flight 332 from Atlantic City to Boston. After 6 hours of delays that were not fully explained the flight was cancelled at 10pm. While I received a full refund the staff were extremely unhelpful and customer service was seriously lacking. A few examples: Gate agents spoke in a rude arrogant manner to any passenger who tried to get more information about the flight. We were told the delay was due to the previous night's weather in the Midwest which did not explain why our 5pm flight from New Jersey was late (and our plane was supposed to be coming from Florida). No food or hotel vouchers were offered even after the flight was canceled and passengers were stranded until the next available flight 48 hours later. At 9pm a gate attendant announced that our plane to Boston had landed and we would board soon and to form a line to board. After 15 minutes without any update (and a gate attendant standing at the desk with her back turned to avoid passenger's questions) I had to ask nearby pilots what was going on. They informed me that the plane had not actually landed but was circling overhead because of fog. 10 minutes later our flight was canceled. I will never fly Spirit again and I hope this review helps other people make the same decision!
Flight 871 from Minneapolis - Denver repeatedly delayed hour after hour after hour. 2.55pm flight was finally due to be in Minneapolis at 7.53. Gate agent announced that the plane was finally in the air and on the way to us to claps and cheers. Said that they would do their best for a quick de-plane and have us in Denver at 9pm a mere 5 hours after we were supposed to be there. Ten minutes later gate agent announces the flight is cancelled. No explanation. Since we were only taking a two day trip this destroyed the weekend. Then a badly-managed group shuffle to the ticket desk where five Spirit personnel stood around for ten minutes presumably to figure out what they were allowed to say and do. Long story short not much. No vouchers nothing to recompense us for hours waiting and a ruined trip no effort to find us other options beyond "there's another flight tomorrow". Just a refund and the ticketing personnel handled the entire situation poorly (or resignedly). When we told people we were flying Spirit to Denver we heard two people say "Oh no. Bad idea. Get ready for a lot of delays." We were sure it would be fine. It wasn't and the kicker is that it was ineptly handled. I have had some delays in many years of flying and I understand mechanical issues and weather happen but they are generally handled in a manner that suggests the company would like my business in the future. Due to the very poor experience I will never book with this airline again and I will be vocal with my results in booking with Spirit today.
Just got home from the worst trip of my life thanks to the way we were treated and stranded by Spirit Airlines. I am sixty years old and have traveled around the world quite a bit. Have been a Spirit Airlines customer many times. April 19th we flew Spirit from Ft. Lauderdale to San Jose Costa Rica. Return flight was scheduled for Friday 25th. Got to the airport and was told the flight was cancelled due to volcanic ash. No other flights appeared to be cancelled just this one. After waiting in line for an hour we were told our choices were a refund or get re-booked on a flight leaving May 2nd. That's right. May 2nd. Eight days later. The supervisor was very rude and unhelpful. Just wanted to get rid of us. We scrambled around and found a flight the next day on United and paid $477 for a one way flight to Ft. Lauderdale through Houston. Landed in Ft. Lauderdale Saturday night at midnight. We had an extra day of rental car and hotel.
Had a horrible experience with Spirit for what was to be a 2-hour flight between Minneapolis and Denver. First off checking in the night before they reveal that it will cost $90 more to take baggage along carried on $80 checked in! Up to $60 more for a reserved seat. Plane was to leave at 3 pm no notice until arriving at the airport that it would leave at 4.30. Around 3.30 learned it might not leave at all or it might leave at 7.30 or 8 pm. We were told to wait because it might be fine then told plane was in the air and we'd leave at 8. Came back in plenty of time to find out the flight was cancelled! By then no opportunities to be rebooked on Spirit or any other airline until 24 hours later that was then extended to even later the next evening. No hotel vouchers unless you lived in another state. All passengers agreed they would never fly Spirit again. I've learned this sort of thing happens repeatedly with Spirit.
Our recent experience with this airline was a nightmare. We arrived at MCO (Orlando) to discover that our flight to Detroit (DTW) had been cancelled. Along with at least 100 other passengers we stood in line for more than 3 hours waiting for some sort of assistance in booking another flight. There was only 1 clerk working the desk and he was not only overwhelmed but highly inefficient. Passengers from other Spirit flights who were desperately trying to drop off bags so they would not miss THEIR flights were finally shifted to another line and the lone clerk at the desk set about helping them-leaving the rest of us to stand and wait yet again. We finally gave up and booked a flight on another airline (which we suspect was what Spirit hoped we'd do so they wouldn't have to deal with the problem) because we had commitments in Detroit that could not be altered. Even after numerous calls and emails to Spirit we were never offered any assistance or compensation of any kind (not even a meal voucher) for our trouble.
On May 4th 2015 flight 145 out from Santo Domingo Dominican Republic was delayed for 4 hours. My connection to Orlando was delayed for 2 hours. The airplane came in we boarded and 30 minutes later we had to get out of the plane because maintenance problems. So we had to take an other airplane that it scheduled to depart at 12.15am. Horrible service! I won't use it again!
I flew from Phoenix-Dallas-Fort Lauderdale-Cancun and return. Late arrivals caused a miss on connecting flights in Fort Lauderdale on both outgoing and incoming. On the incoming flight I was stranded in Fort Lauderdale for 24 hours! In both cases Spirit blamed "ground control". In other words they would take not responsibility for the late flights and therefore would not contribute to hotel food wait time or restitution for lost hotel reservation costs. Speaking with hotel personnel in Fort Lauderdale I noted that Spirit is well know for this tactic. In fact the Fort Lauderdale people told me they get 8 or 10 reservations every day because of Spirit. This company does not schedule properly takes no responsibility for it mismanagement and should be avoided!
I am so disappointed. I booked a flight with Spirit Air to a cruise if Fort Lauderdale. Flight was for 8.20am and was delayed twice before telling us that the flight had been cancelled. By that time we could not get a flight that would guarantee that I would get there in time for our cruise. It was a celebration of our 25th anniversary to boot.
April 25 flight 199. April 28 flight 298. First they charge $35 for luggage online if you don't do it online then they charge $50 at check in. If you still have gotten to the gate without checking in your luggage they will charge you 100 dollars. Then secondly upon boarding for Las Vegas on Saturday 25th April they put all passengers on the wrong plane. Thirdly arrived at the airport for flight home it was delayed 85 minutes. No notice sent via my phone which I had signed up for and given my email. The worst airline I have ever used.
April 23 2015 fight 0605 Detroit MI to Fort Meyers FL. Worst flying experience I have experienced. Seats were very uncomfortable with no leg room whatsoever. My knees were literally pressing into the back of the seat in front of me. Unfortunately the passenger behind me had the same problem and I could feel their every movement as it translated into my lower back. I was almost embarrassed for the poor flight attendants as they attempted to hawk their wares pushing that little cart charging exorbitant fees costing three times as much for those purchased on the ground. Didn't see many takers. Being charged extra for seat placement was the final straw.
My flight from Chicago to Las Vegas on 4/23 was okay delayed about a half hour and completely unorganized as far as gate departures for all Spirit flights leaving that evening but I made it through. Leaving Las Vegas (4/27) absolute nightmare. Five minutes before boarding we are told over the intercom that our flight has been cancelled. Surely they'd be helpful in accommodating. Wrong. To begin there was no explanation of why the flight was cancelled. Come to find out - no crew. The options to book another flight were very slim. By the time I reached the counter (an hour and a half later) the next option was a 5pm standby flight the next day. This was an 8am flight. The staff at the counter were rude. Offered little to no help in regards to finding a new flight even when asked. At this point I figured I'd cut my losses and take my refund to make accommodations on my own. I must have been lucky on that end. Got my refund ticket.
You could not pay me any amount of money to fly on Spirit Airlines again. They treat their passengers like cattle. They book connecting flights from international destinations (Mex) within one (1) hour of the next flight departing. In that time they expect you to go through Customs Immigration Security and recheck your bag and catch the other flight. We cut every line got escorts ran like crazy etc. No way we could make it. Then they blame the missed connection on 'ground delays' so they can claim its not technically their fault. They won't pay for a shuttle hotel food etc and you are stuck in a different city for another 24 hours until their next flight out. The most awful part? They tell you that your bags made it onto the flight and you now have nothing for the next 24 hrs. We all know that TSA/airline policies strictly forbid bags on a plane without the accompanying passenger. So its all a lie. You show up the next day to fly out and miraculously your bags are still there - so you could have had them overnight. Don't hang around for an apology.
Spirit may seem cheaper than other airlines when booking a flight but the cost of bags are high the flights get delayed more than twice going out and ok returning back and then their front desk are rude! I've flown twice with Spirit and both times (6 months in between) have been absolutely horrible! I've never had so many delays with any other airline. The delays go from one hour difference to four! My suggestion to you: be well prepared for a delayed flight by scheduling return flights on weekends so that if you need to be to work by Monday or so you'll make it. One more thing this airline does not make sure their passengers are comfortable or compensated when constant delays occur.
My red eye to Phoenix from Chicago was scheduled to arrive at 11pm it arrived at 2am with a 2 hour layover in Dallas. Return flight was supposed to leave at 12.55am arriving in Chicago at 8.30am. Because the flight was "late all day" we did not leave until 2.45am. I missed my connecting flight and the only other option was another layover in Denver which also included a 4 hour wait. My final arrival time changed from 8.30am to 5.30pm. Additionally they moved me to first class assuming it would make everything ok instead it just allowed me to listen to their unprofessional inexperienced young staff talk trash about customers inflight. Make sure you realize not only do they charge for checking bags which is also limited to 40lb not like the standard 50lbs they charge $40 for carryon. Spirit also charges for even water. Also the seats do not recline. Overall absolutely do not fly Spirit.
Will never fly Spirit again! Horrible flight. Huge delays. No explanation until after 2 hours with no beverages and seatbelt sign on while sitting on the Tarmac in Atlantic City! Rude gate staff. Absolutely not worth the "savings." "Clerical error" according to the pilot was the reason why we sat in Atlantic City! Really? Then we weren't even offered a free beverage not even water! I'm done with Spirit.
Extremely uncomfortable. I am 6' tall with very long legs and my husband is 6'3". I felt like I was in a box. I had the middle seat and couldn't move at all. Thank goodness the seats didn't recline because the person in front of me would have been in my lap. My husband and I shared a large suitcase to avoiding having to pay for 2 bags but we ended up having to pay extra anyway because the bag was overweight. We will not be flying Spirit anymore. It was not a positive experience.
We paid extra for the large seats so the Seat was very comfortable. Getting to Vegas wasn't a real problem. On our returning flight we received numerous messages that our flight was being delayed. We get to the Airport about 1.5 hours before they say our flight was leaving and it had changed back to our original time. Very rude and told us it was our fault we should have shown up at the original time. After speaking with an extremely rude supervisor she got us on the plane. On the way home the two female flight attendants sat and giggled the whole trip if we needed anything we had to go ask them.
Classic bait and switch. Found cheapest flight on Orbitz Spirit came up $246 round trip to LAX. Checked in on line for boarding pass $111 dollars extra. If you try to bypass the baggage fees and carry on your luggage $100 at boarding. They lost my luggage on the return flight home they just called after two days and said they found my bag. They won't wave the $31 baggage fee wanted me to pick it up I said they could deliver it.
I was flying from LAX to Vegas on a Thursday with my friend. This was my first time flying Spirit and I was surprised at how cheap the tickets were. Warning sign #1. I own your typical small black roller carry-on bag that I've had for the past 6 years. It is not bulky or large in any way and I've carried-on with all other airlines without trouble. After jamming it into the clearly too-small "Spirit carry-on size required container" the Spirit attendant told me I would have to check-it. This bag was nowhere near full (it was a 2-day trip) but was a tight fit into their container with about 1 inch showing above the top bar. She then attempted to charge me $75 to check my bag! The round-trip ticket itself wasn't even that much! I began discussing with the attendant my options and instead of helping she was quite rude and adamant about charging the fee and repeatedly asked me how I would like to pay the $75 (cash or card). This was beyond reasonable in my mind. I was basically stuck paying more than my ticket value to check a standard carry-on that had worked for years on every other airline. Other issues: Flight was late arriving and late to take-off seats were extremely uncomfortable and rigid no service provided on-board without a fee of some kind. Will NEVER fly this airline again no matter how cheap it is I was duped and taken advantage of.
I recently flew on Spirit Airlines from Detroit to Houston round-trip. Besides being late both ways especially on my return trip. There was no communication to passengers as to why we were delayed for nearly two hours they charged for everything on the flight including water they charged for a carry on bag and I had a couple of gate attendants who didn't speak English well. Others were simply rude to my wife.
I made the mistake of buying Spirit Airline tickets for a flight from Tampa to St Thomas USVI on 08/2015. I did so due to the price until I viewed the requirements after the purchase. You are not allowed any luggage other than personal handbag or backpack for travel free of charge. On top of that the items must meet their requirements of size. My husband and I managed to pack 2 backpacks with what we needed for our week on St. John USVI. Dodged the bullet on that! I upgraded our seats after reading the leg room for a charge of $50 Per Person Per Leg for each of our flights. This amounted an additional $400 for our flights economy out the window. When we finally got on the plane in Tampa we flew to Ft Lauderdale to St Thomas on time and a little less money as everything on the flight requires a payment. Our return flight was an entirely different story. The plane was completely full. A crying baby completely ignored by the mother lasted through the entire 2 hour plus flight. It made getting any rest or talking impossible. Our flight from Ft. Lauderdale was delayed for over 6 hours and equipment was changed. Therefore the Premium seats that I had paid for we not located in the same aisle and therefore we had regular tiny cramped seats. I am 5' 9" tall and have long thighs. My legs were cramped for the entire flight and I could not cross my legs as my knees were jammed against the back of the seat in from of me. We arrived in Tampa very tired hurting and angry. We will never fly spirit airlines again no matter what the cost as with all the extra and charges it actually cost us more than a major airline.
I like many will never fly Spirit again. Flight from Fort Myers Fla to Key West delayed for 4 hours with no explanation! Weather was fine. Spirit employees left the desk so there was no one available to answer questions. When someone finally did show up we asked about arranging for other flights. Told we could not because the "flight wasn't cancelled just delayed" but couldn't tell us when or if we would actually get a flight. Ended up missing a good portion of day 1 of vacation. Book another airline.
This was my first time flying with Spirit Airlines and it will also be my last. I'm a frequent traveler and always willing to try something new especially when you might save a few dollars. I booked a flight from Chicago to San Diego. My flight was scheduled to leave at 10.44 am today. At 2am I received a notice that my flight was delayed. I continued to receive emails with the delay time changing so I figured I should head to the airport since it was clear there was something going on regarding my flight. I sat at the airport for 8 hours with my flight time still changing throughout the day. The attendants had no information and would not agree to put us on a flight that would connect to San Diego (Las Vegas) without charging us because they said the flight is coming "it's just late" and to be patient. At 5.30pm the flight was cancelled and now there were no other flights available today that would get us to San Diego. In addition the next flight they could get us on is at 3.30pm tomorrow which doesn't get us into San Diego until 7pm. We have now lost 1.5 days of our vacation at a cost of $700. This airline has the worst customer service I have experienced. They had the opportunity to get us out and would not give it to us and then would not move us to another flight on a different airline because they do not have "partner airlines." Families are traveling to see their loved ones and are paying a great deal to take these vacations and entrust the airlines to take responsibility when things go wrong. I will never use this airline again.
Flight 199 on April 8 and flight 292 on April 11. I will never fly this airline again! They charge you 50 to 100 extra dollars to take a carry-on plus all kinds of other fees to fly. Buyer beware! I just wish I could give this airline a negative number. Yes it's that bad. Fly the other airlines. It will cost you less in the long run. Seats don't even recline!
I decided to try them out because of their low airfare but only to find out about all these hidden fees! They charge you for just about everything checked bags carry-on bags seat assignments checking in at the counter and food and snacks onboard. All these things add up to the airfare so what's the point of even having the fare being that low? So if you really want to save money with them might as well fly empty handed (no bags) go hungryand thirsty and fly standing up (no assigned seats)! I just flew with them from Los Angeles to Houston on 10/10/14 and getting there was fine despite all these hidden fees and not getting any drinks or snacks. But on the returning flight to LA on 10/12/14 they kept announcing that the flight was being delayed due to weather. The plane could not land in Houston so it was diverted to Dallas. The weather was fine! The original departure time out of Houston was 4.46 pm and because the plane had landed in Dallas we had to wait for it to arrive in Houston. So they announced that it would be delayed until 5.26 and then 6.26 and then 6.56 and then 7.53. Finally after all this waiting they announced that the flight was cancelled! When they announced the flight cancellation we all had no choice but to rebook on another flight. After being in the long line to rebook they said the earliest available flight would not be until two days later! I decided that I had it with Spirit Airlines and took the refund. I will never fly with them again.
I was charged an extra $100 at the gate after the ticket desk told me my small bag would be OK. My bag measured 12 inches by 17 inches. After boarding the seats are so tight I could hardly move. I am an average man (6ft 185lbs). A small cup of water was $3 and with a tiny bag of peanuts $5. The passengers were repeatedly solicited to purchase their credit card. This airlines should be avoided at all costs and I personally will never fly Spirit Airlines again.
Checking in on a 5.15 am flight took 40 minutes waiting in line. There was only one check-in person these first 30 minutes with a line about 50 deep. A flight to Myrtle Beach will always have dozens of sets of golf clubs to be checked in. This should be accommodated for. The last 10 minutes of my waiting a second check-in worker became available. On my return flight back to Logan Airport after midnight we passengers had to wait one hour and five minutes on the plane before deboarding. The reason? The (one and only??) person responsible for operating the jet bridge called in sick according to the pilot. No coverage was found. The "supervisor" needed to be awoken from home to come to the airport to operate the jet bridge. The smaller and less comfortable non reclining seats and little leg room multiplied the bad accommodation. My first and last flights using Spirit.
Terrible experience. Somehow when we booked my family of 4 together they were placed onto 2 different confirmation codes. We were unable to check the kids in because they are minors. So we arrive at the Detroit airport 1 hour before check-in. Lines seem not that long but it became clear that it was not moving. People were cutting the line because they knew they would be denied boarding if they were a minute late. I went over to 2 ladies that were checking in bags and asked for help because we were getting very close to that deadline! They said I had to wait like everyone else. Well of course we were helped and it was a minute too late and the lady said "Sorry kids can't board!" I was not happy and started to speak quite loudly about the customer service it ended up taking one lady 2 seconds to print out their boarding passes! She said good luck if you miss it come back. Never again!
Apr 2 flight 235. Apr 9 flight 218. A rip off airline. They can charge you for everything under the sun. The extra charges are not disclosed at the time you buy the tickets. The service is very average. It is so disappointing to see that this is allowed in a great country like ours. I would never travel Spirit again.
Our family was bumped (we purchased tickets months ago) after we were waiting to board the plane. They had already loaded our luggage and there was no way to get it back. We had to go all the way back to ticket area (with two kids in tow) find how we going get out of Orlando and back to Detroit. We had to talk to 4 different people before we were put on another flight. And they did nothing to make it right. All we got was a lousy "sorry for the inconvenience". Too many extra charges cramped seating and unhelpful staff.
I tried it and I have to say I fly frequently and if I had to walk barefoot in the ice and snow I would do it just so I don't have to ever fly Spirit again. It was ridiculous that we had to pay $631. which included a rental car. Then when we got to the airport they charged us $90 dollars for two bags and were going to charge us another $10 each for our boarding passes unless we used the kiosks. During the flight from BWI to DFW the seating was horrible they were the most uncomfortable and narrow seats I've sat in. I am so sorry that the answers have to appear to be answered. One star was not deserved. By the way on our return flight we were supposed to take from E33 which we did after it was changed to E32 and back and the changes were not announced until after the plane began to load.
I'm sitting on my plane waiting now 40 minutes for take off to Los Angeles from Las Vegas. The flight is 56 minutes total but I've been waiting 40 minutes because of a delay and I understand that. But why can't I get water while I wait? The attendants on this plane refused me water twice when I asked. I just want to get home already and I'm dehydrated!
Horrible service poor customer service. The stewards and stewardess that were on flight Houston TX to Los Angeles California on March 20 2015 - 3.24pm were awful. There were too many hidden fees. Will never travel with you again. Too many charges for simple nuts and water.
I am sitting in the boarding area as I write this review. Spirit has succeeded in overbooking a flight to Tampa for the Easter weekend. My family purchased these tickets last August (2014). We had hoped to have a great Spring Break with the kids. Now my family of 4 is being bumped to tomorrow. This is unbelievable and unacceptable. I would never ever fly with them again.
Cancun-DFW flight 0748 on 3/29/15 DFW-Denver flight 0719 on 3/29/15. I felt Spirit was OK in general but they still hide fees. After decades of flying certain processes seem to be second nature for most travelers and you tend to assume things will be familiar however Spirit makes baggage and seat assignments more costly than you would think even if you read all the 'fine print'. While I picked the cheapest option for checked baggage nowhere did I see that Spirit's weight limit is 40 pounds per bag or about 20% less than the industry standard of 50 pounds. This resulted in bigtime overweight charges on all of my family's bags. The seat assignment fee was a bigger surprise. You assume that choosing 'better' seats will cost more (up front more legroom first class) but Spirit did not let me select seats until we were confirming within 24 hours of our flights and only then did it became apparent that you have to pay for any seat that you want assigned! So if you want your family of five all together and not spread around randomly you need to pay for each and every seat even if it is the poorest seat on the plane! You have to pay for every leg and pay the rate for whatever seats are left which might be the most expensive on the plane. So for the family of 5 on a connecting flight you could pay $400 or more to just get the privilege of sitting together.
Booked through a well known agency online for a extended weekend from Phila to Myrtle Beach SC. After reading everything on website about 40 lb weight requirement minimal size carry on paying and picking own seats printing out the boarding passes we already thought the cheaper flight was not worth the aggravation! Only to drive 1.5 hrs to Phila Airport to find out the flight was cancelled without any notification no apology or little assistance on getting another flight as TSA watched us during the ordeal I would never recommend this airline to anyone. The lower upfront cost is deceitful when you start adding in the "etxras" seat price boarding pass price luggage. Their lack of customer service and compassion on the loss of vacation and money made the whole ordeal worse. I would never fly Spirit Airlines!
I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. Their motto is "You only pay for the services you use" but what they actually mean is "You pay a deceptively low price when you purchase your ticket and then we charge you for everything that everyone uses in sneaky ways that therefore make your flight more expensive than any other airline." Want to print your boarding pass at the airport? $10.00. Want a water on the plane? $5.00. Want to check a bag on the plane? The cheapest that gets is $30 for the first bag and $40 for the second bag but that is only if you can figure out how to sign up online to check bags ahead of time. If you register for checked bags at the airport it now costs $50 per bag. Oh and there is no such thing as a carry-on bag for this airline. If it is bigger than a backpack you have to check it. And if they fail to tell you that your backpack is too big to be considered a "personal item" and make you check the bag at the gate? Now it costs $100. If you call their customer service to help you jump through all of these ridiculously complicated hoops you will be on hold for 20 minutes followed by a conversation with a person who refers you to their website where you have already been trying unsuccessfully to register an account. Then when you tell them that they will "lose the connection" even though you are calling them from a land line. Which would be understandable if it didn't happen twice from two separate phones. They have gotten their last dollar out of me.
The flight was 3 hours late due to snow in Chicago. I can live with that. What I won't accept is that once we landed we sat waiting for a gate for over an 1.5 hours. Then after a number of excuses the stewardess tells us that we better put our seat belts on or it will be our fault we don't get to the gate first. The 100 bucks I saved flying Spirit wasn't worth the time I lost. I could have almost driven back from Denver to Chicago in the time I spent waiting for the plane waiting for a gate and than waiting for my luggage with Spirit. When we finally got to where the gates were we saw plenty of them open. Could it be that Spirit only has 1 or 2 gates at O'Hare? The stewardess kept telling us all the airlines were waiting. I don't care about the other airlines I just cared about the one I was on.
CHI to DEN. Stay away from this airline. The seats hurt no comfort at all. Even a 2 hour flight was hard for me. No matter what seat you end up in your done for. Aisle seat everyone will bump in to you middle seat your not going to move and the window don't even think about getting out to go to the bathroom. The service was bad as well they tried to push their credit card the whole flight. Pay the extra money to fly somewhere else.
I have traveled around the world and back used many airlines in the process. The flight I took on March 9th with 2 other friends was the worst. We all took what would be acceptable as carryon's. Not realizing that the size you consider as a carryon is a lunch box. Arriving at the security gate the person there told my other 2 travelers that both their bags were not considered carry-on's and had to go to the desk to pay for them. That same lady told me that mine was acceptable to carry on the plane. I waited for them and they were told that if I had purchased the carry-on bag online the fee would have been $30.00. Not doing that they were charged $45.00. When I arrived at the gate to board I was stopped and told I had to pay for my bag. After telling them of my experience at the security gate they were quite rude and didn't care. Now because I didn't pay on-line or at the security gate I was told the fee was $100. Again insane for a duffle bag that could actually fit under my seat! We not only paid $190 more for luggage going but we paid online another $90 coming back. We went from Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas and back for a total of $1003.00 for 3 of us. I could have gone US Airways for under $900. The plane was uncomfortable very cramped and dirty. They even charge you $2.00 for a cup of coffee anyone who flies knows how small that cup of coffee is. We did get the water for free after we made a fuss about it.
At first the service was nice because they did not charge extra for our luggage but then everything went downhill. The flight was first delayed by an hour and later three hours and then cancelled. We were sent out of the terminal to get our "new" tickets to other airlines but no one knew what they were doing. We stood for two hours in a line that did not move and no one could help us. Every other airline would've let us keep the same tickets. Then after two hours we left and booked new flights on the next day on a different airline of course. No real service 1.5 stars is too much for this airline.
The last two times I have travelled with Spirit I have had my flight cancelled and been left stranded. This last trip was my final one as it was just one upsetting incident after another. The first incident started with me being forced to purchase another return flight home for my wife after her original was cancelled by the airline even though I personally called a customer service representative and was told that would not happen. The last straw was being stranded on Sunday night and told by the pilot that it was against FAA rules to take off because of the runway lighting at MYR and yet 4 other planes departed behind us. The pilot lied to all of us and inconvenienced all 180 passengers on board. We should have been able to fly home if the pilot actually cared about customer service similar to what you might find with other companies such as WestJet or Delta. Sadly Spirit does not care about it's customer.
This airline in not worth the "cheap" tickets. We left over 1.5 hours late no explanation as to why we arrived late to our destination had to sit on the ground for over 20 minutes because there was not a gate to taxi to absolutely no leg room and far too cramped. Getting your luggage was a joke. Slow and not very efficient (waited 30 minutes for it to begin being delivered to baggage claim). We will never fly with Spirit Air again nor recommend them to anyone. Food or beverage forget it they charge for everything luggage is only 40 pounds or it will cost you extra. You are only allowed a small carry on or you get charged.
We will never fly Spirit again. We chose Spirit because of schedule. Checking our bags was a blow: $45.00 per bag. We've never paid more than $25. My knees were jammed into the back of the seat in front of me. The attendants came around once in 3.5 hours to "sell" liquid refreshments. Once that trip was made the attendants huddled together at the front of the plane to talk among themselves with little attention given to the passengers. Even if you have nothing to do don't hold a party and give the impression you're not attending. What Spirit may have given with the right hand by way of a cheaper fare it took with the left hand by way of fees for everything. The impression was one of cheapness and being squeezed for every penny. Attendants and pilots (some) ought to be schooled in proper diction and clarity when making PA announcements. Impossible to hear. Flight #325 from Mpls - Phoenix 3/9/15 and Flight 345 3/15/15 Phoenix-Mpls.
On 3/20/15 I flew on flight NK 403 from Atlanta Georgia to Fort Lauderdale Florida. Upon arrival the flight attendant instructed the passengers that in order to not be detained in the plane we needed to exit the plane within 4 minutes or risk having to wait upon an 800 passenger plane to unload. The passengers including an 8 week old newborn elderly couple and 2 disabled passengers began to unload and were subsequently detained in the 80 degree jetway for approximately 20 minutes with no communication from the crew while the exit to the terminal was blocked. The jetway was extremely hot unstable and overcrowded with passengers while the crew made no attempt to provide an explanation or assistance.
Spirit claims to be less expensive then you are hit with hidden fees one right after another carry on luggage fee $45 (each way) plus just to select a standard seat online you are charged up to $25 (each way)! The plane is dirty. If you have to call customer service be prepared to hold for at least 30 min before getting anyone on the phone and don't expect to get an answer. Do expect to get rushed off the phone. There is no inflight entertainment option either.
We were originally lured to Spirit by their low bare-bones fares. The $25 here and there and $70 annual fee to obtain their low price discount along with smelly dirty uncomfortable planes is no longer tolerable. Our last flight from Phoenix to Chicago was nearly 4.5 hours late on departure. Spirit gave no advance warning of the delay so we essentially had to camp out all night at the airport. The 2/4/15 flight was supposed to depart at 12.55 am but left at 5.20 am. Spirit kept stringing us along at the airport trickling out delay after delay. Staff was generally unavailable and discourteous. This is not a value proposition that interests us and we warn others to stay away.
Had a round trip flight from Kansas City to Las Vegas. I took one small carry on bag small enough to fit under the seat. The ticket says you have to pay $50 at the counter or $100 at the gate. So I went to the counter and the lady there said I didn't need to pay the $50 since the bag was small enough. Great I went to the gate and got to Las Vegas no problems. On the return trip with the exact same bag I went to the automatic Kiosk and checked in. At the gate I was stopped and informed I needed to pay $100 or leave my bag. I explained my story and she said she didn't care what the Kansas City folks said and I could pay the $100 or leave my bag. I understand the charge and would have paid the $50 at the counter but felt I got extorted at the gate. What choice do you have leave your bag or pay $100?
I decided to fly Spirit because it was cheap and it had a direct flight to my destination. However this was something that I greatly regret after loosing 1.5 days of my vacation after my flight was cancelled due to a mechanical issue. They also would not pay for a hotel and multiple people flying on my original flight had a flight 2-3 days after we were supposed to leave. The money saved by the cheaper flight was spent on a hotel and food. You would be better off paying to fly with a more reputable company. In addition I also heard many people complaining about the airline (that were not on my flight) when I had a connection that was required to get me to my destination a day late instead of my original non-stop flight.
First we were over 1.5 hours late for take off from the Minneapolis then had to sit for over 20 minutes on the ground in Fort Lauderdale due to not having a gate because of our late departure. They charge you for every little thing. Not enough leg room if you bag is a half a pound over 40 pounds you get charged. All other airlines have a 50 pound limit. Leaving Fort Lauderdale again late taking off to MSP. Waited forever for our bags at the airport. I would never fly this airline again and would not recommend them to anyone. Low cost what a joke especially after you add all the extra charges for everything.
Our return flight from Chicago to Denver March 1 2015 Flight 853 was canceled after being delayed 1.5 hours. The sad part was that the pilots for that flight were waiting with us. The younger of the two was talking to scheduling to swap to the flight to Phoenix Arizona that was at a gate but waiting for pilots. They changed to the Phoenix flight and ten minutes after our flight was canceled because it didn't have any pilots. We were told to go back to the ticket counters and rebook our flight because they couldn't do anything at the gate. 1 hour and 15 minutes (11.30pm) later we were told our only flight back was the same flight the next day (24 hours) they would not look to book anyone on another airline they would only book Spirit flights. We needed to get back to Denver and were forced to rent a car (at a cost of $499.99) and drive for 16 hours straight. The refund for our tickets wasn't 1/2 of the cost of the round trip and was $20 short. Spent 2 hours on the phone with customer service and got nowhere. Remember it's only a deal if they provide services like all the others. If they don't you're just getting ripped off.
Seats were uncomfortable and did not recline. Everything is extra choosing a seat beverages carry on luggage not conforming to very strict guidelines higher charge than other airlines for checked luggage with a 40 lb. weight restriction - 10 lbs. less than others. When you consider all the extra expenses the price we paid for our trip to Florida was no lower than other airlines. When my son saw our flight itinerary and noted that we needed to fly from Kansas City to Detroit before flying south to Florida he said I hope you're saving a bunch of money - nope.
I have flown many different airlines as I always choose the cheapest. I booked this flight on Spirit my first time through a third party travel agency. I was first surprised by the $10 fee to get a boarding pass at the counter but I let it go. But then the fees. I was never warned by the site or Spirit site about the carry on bag fees. So I was shocked when I heard an announcement that those in a later zone had 2 minutes to pay $50 for a carry on bag or else they would be charged $100! I kid you not $100 for a carry-on! I could not believe how I had been tricked! I asked the spirit service counter what they do if someone literally does not have the money - she mentioned it does happen and so they cancel that person's current ticket and give them until the next flight to find the money! Unbelievable! Spirit Airlines has nothing but a spirit of corruption deceit and greed. My family and my friends agreed we will never fly Spirit again.
On a short business trip I was delayed about 4 times by the airline with multiple changes of gate and very minimal notification they were doing this to the passengers. Everyone was very upset and complaining however the airline offered no more than an apology and hope that we would continue to fly with them in the future. Now on my way home all passengers were all deboarded from the plane due to mechanical plane concerns they had before takeoff. Although I agree with "better safe than sorry" this airline should have been pertinent and professional enough to have dealt with this problem prior to boarding. As we all wait to retrieve our original tickets from the one spirit employee calling out 300 names with no microphone people like myself are at the risk of missing connecting flights. Shame on Spirit for even considering themselves a decent airline. Time is precious. Time = Money and as cheap as their tickets are it would have been way worth my money to go with any other airline. I plan to do this from now on.
On Feb 5 my friend and I took a flight from BOS to PBI. I paid $30 online for my checked bag. When I got to the counter we were informed that our tennis racquets were beyond the height limitations at Spirits and that I would have to pay $55 and have my racquet checked. My friend has to pay extra as well. So I paid $208 one way to fly to PBI. All other airlines that I have flown allow us to carry on our racquets. My friend flew back to BOS on Feb 8. She paid online to check her racquet. When she boarded two passengers had their racquets on board as carry ons. Needless to day I did not fly Spirit back to BOS.
About 3 weeks ago I set out on my trip home from LAX-PHI. I had one layover in Vegas shouldn't have been a big deal due to great traveling weather for this time of year. My layover was supposed to be about 3 hours but ended up being 7 hours due to complications with the airplane. Due to the delay Spirit were nice enough to give out meal vouchers. When I got up to the desk to claim my voucher I noticed it was for 7 bucks what can you buy in an airport for 7 bucks? Finally once we boarded they came around and asked what our drink orders were I asked for a cup of water without ice. When they brought me my cup of water they asked for 3 bucks. I told them I didn't want the water. After spending a few days back home it was time for me to fly back to LA. I arrived at the airport at 8.30pm for my flight just to find out it was cancelled. I rescheduled the flight for the next day at the same time and went back home (because I lived within 2 hours of the hotel they couldn't put me up in a hotel). The next day I figured I would check my flight status before heading to the airport and good thing I did because once again my flight was cancelled. I called their service desk and worked with a travel agent who was the only bright spot of my encounter with Spirit. After about 30 minutes of trying to get me back to California he told me there was nothing he could do except refund me for the one way trip. So I took the refund and booked a one way home with Southwest. Do not fly with Spirit.
We were booked on a flight from Las Vegas to Portland. Our flight was delayed 3 times. After being told that our plane had boarded its last location and was on the way they cancelled our flight. Cue the mass of 300 people storming the desk. With 6 attendants one attendant was handling our flight while the rest took care of their other flights. We waited in line for 3 hours! In the meantime my husband called their 1-800 number and got nowhere. They told us they could not give us a new flight that wasn't Spirit (the next day at 4pm) and no hotel/taxi/food. So we waited. No announcements about progress and no more than one attendant for most of the night. When we finally arrived at the desk the attendant reprimanded us for not getting to the front sooner for an earlier flight-it was our fault that we weren't at the front of the line! I understand that flight cancellations are not the fault of the desk attendants. It was very frustrating that they wouldn't let us know what was going on. We got in line at 7:45 pm and didn't leave the airport until 11.00pm. Rumors were flying about flights and it was confusing. We were exhausted and completely unhappy with the level of service we received. I will never fly Spirit Airlines.
Flight 729 Feb 3rd 2015. Cheap fares! If everything goes smoothly then its a no brainer. But if anything goes wrong such as delay or cancellation there will be no customer support whatsoever. No support of any kind! You are stuck! They only have one flight outbound per destination per day. Nothing they can do to get you on any faster flight. No hotel accommodation! When it comes to redeeming credited vouchers? Even though I have a $50 credit but after trying to use it the credit comes to $8.24 even though my base fare is over $80. Called their customer support and got told that basically even though the credit is for $50 it may not exactly be $50. Be aware that all your questions will be answered I am sorry its our policy. Its their policy to pick up phone calls and has no power to do whatsoever. You are better off not wasting time with their customer support.
Awful experience and even worse customer service. Had a flight from Orlando delayed due to weather in Ft. Lauderdale and final destination in Medellin Colombia. I was told no planes were coming or leaving so we would not miss our connecting flight. We finally took off and landed only to hear from a very rude gate agent that the plane took off early and left me and 20+ other passengers stranded. Mind you they give us 5 minutes from the time our plane landed to the time when we have to be at the gate to board the connecting flight. I was given a discount coupon for a room which was useless since all the rooms were booked. I had to pay 180 dollars for an awful room at a red carpet inn. Also they change gates and departing times while you are at 36000 feet! Save yourself the hassle and unreasonable rude individuals and just pay a little more.
My very first time flying with Spirit. It was absolutely horrible! My friends and I took a last minute trip to Vegas and decided to try Spirit since they had lower prices. At least we thought that was the case. We paid a total 385 for a round trip to Vegas from DFW after the bag fees boarding pass fees seat fees and whatever other crazy fees they don't tell you about upfront. We board the cramped tight space plane and the seats are torn and dirty the floors looked like they hadn't ever been cleaned! There was gum on the trays! We were so uncomfortable next to each other and the person in front was literally in our laps and their seats weren't reclined! To top it all off our return flight got canceled at the last minute. Every other airline was running smoothly. Not only did we have to purchase another ticket with Southwest but we had to go through the dreaded process of getting a refund with Spirit.
Had a flight that was supposed to leave at 9.29 am on Feb 23 2015. After being at the airport 2.5 hours before our flight we were told the pilot had not been located and it would be 11.30 before a pilot could fly in from Denver. At 11.45 staff said sorry but there had been confusion and the pilot would not be there until after 12.30. We finally started to board the plane that had been sitting there since before 5am we did not get off the ground until after 1.30 delaying our people waiting to get us from the airport in Phoenix for over 5 hours. I understand things happen but two incidents with incorrect info as to the pilot I don't buy that. The flight was full so there should have been a pilot booked all along. The other big problem I have is all the added costs. We have to pay to put our luggage bag on for each person and pay for assigned seats? That added 126.00 flying to Arizona and home so your tickets are not cheaper then other flights and the seats are poor and the unorganized mess caused by poor communication made everyone of us suffer and then to pay the high fees. On the plane the toilets were frozen and they could not make coffee because the flight had sat for so many hours. The flight offered everyone a small bottle of water and cookies saying it's complimentary. We were also informed by the flight attendants they were low on several drinks and beers because the plane was not stocked. This was the worst flight I have been on and I will not fly it again.
Flew from LGA to OAK. Worst flight I've taken and I will never fly Spirit again. I've flown plenty of airlines and so I didn't think twice about flying a different one this time as they've always been relatively similar. Their baggage fees are out of this world and the weight limit on baggage is less while costing more. There is no in-flight food or entertainment. You have to pay extra to pick a seat (which I didn't know since I had already picked my seat on Hotwire when booking the flight.) Spirit also did not allow me to check-in pre-flight or print a boarding pass until I got there. The whole point behind booking with Spirit would be to save money as they're supposedly worlds cheaper than booking with anyone else. This was not the case. I unknowingly booked this flight and it was barely cheaper than other airlines. The baggage fees made the trip significantly more expensive than if I were to book with someone else. Never again will I be flying Spirit.
This airline has taken unbundled pricing to such an extreme that I'd rather pay more to fly on any other airline. The idea that I couldn't know whether my family of 5 would be seated together until 24 hours before the flight nor have the other family flying with us seated next to us without paying a premium turned me off to ever using Spirit unless I have no other choice. Also there were three seats together in last row and attendants wouldn't let my two kids move back one row so their friend could join them there claiming a weight and balance issue. Furthermore my boarding pass said I was eligible for "Fast Bag Drop." It took us about 30 minutes online to do our "fast bag drop." as the attendants at the fast bag drop counters seemed to be processing people who clearly had changes to make in their travel. Then after spending all that time in line we were forced to sign waiver tags clearing Spirit of any obligation if our bags didn't make it onto the plane on time because we were "late". If there really was a Fast Bag Drop we wouldn't have been late. Then the representative told us that the Spirit website said we were expected to be at the airport 2 hours before our flight. I've never heard any other airline demand this for domestic travel. Also we were subject to obnoxious credit card commercials from the plane attendants at the end of every flight. Both my outbound and return flights had a stop which meant we had to listen to the same sales pitch 4 times. I'm a customer not just a spigot for Spirit to try to pull additional dollars from.
We planned to fly from DFW to Las Vegas on Feb 22 2015 I had been checking the weather report and the airlines all day for changes. We arrived at the airport at 8 pm the flight was at 11 pm so we had lots of time went to the kiosk and it printed me a paper that said speak to agent. We were in line for and hour to find out they cancelled the flight and not just ours everyone that was flying with them to other locations. They were saying because of bad weather but then I asked why other airlines were still flying they said because all their flights cancelled due to fewer flights allowed to fly. So because they are a smaller lower level airlines that don't want to pay for the slots to fly they get bumped?
I booked a flight on Spirit for a vacation from MSP to AZ it was 3 hours late as the pilots had to rest before taking off then on Monday 2/18/15. Then my return flight from AZ to MSP was suppose to be at 3pm 2/23/15 it got cancelled because of mechanical problems (they have no inventory for back-up planes). They left us hanging in the airport until 7pm before we had the news it was cancelled. No time to book another flight then they gave us voucher to a hotel known for its cockroaches and bed bugs. No we did not stay there. Then they had a plane for us at 6am so I never slept. I book hundreds of flight for the college I work for and was thinking this might be an option to book flights for faculty speakers and guests but after loosing a day of work. Poor customer service nickle and dimes you to death.
I had never booked with Spirit previously. I flew home from Dallas to Cleveland only because American canceled my flight due to weather. Spirit was the only option to get me home without spending two days in the airport. I only wish that I had another option actually any option would have been better. Their "e-tickets" cannot be scanned by TSA agents. The counter staff were absolutely the worst I have ever encountered. Worst customer service.
Today I flew with Spirit and had only a briefcase with me. 2x12x17 inches. The locks on my briefcase made it the one inch too wide. Result: I had to pay $50. A couple in front of me had a rucksack which they squeezed in the checking frame and they did not have to pay. I call this bullying and find it unacceptable.
Flew from Minneapolis MN to Las Vegas. Flight was a 2 hour delay. They didn't notify us through the text program they have you sign up for so we were at the airport for 4 hours. First we were told it was a rain delay in Las Vegas then it was maintenance. When we boarded the pilot said it was due to rain in Houston Texas. Seems a little suspicious to me. We knew about all the cheap fares and bare fares about the airline. I had also flown this airline before and had not had a problem. Our flight was full on the way to Las Vegas. We felt packed in so tight to those seats. It was possibly the most uncomfortable flight I've ever flown and it was only 3 hours. On our return home we found a way to print our tickets before getting to the airport. But in the process I tried to check us in via online and the website all of a sudden crashed. It took 2 hours to get the site back up. Finally we got them printed and just felt relieved to do that. All day we checked our flight time due to the fact that our first flight was delayed. It was actually set to arrive 15 mins earlier than planned which was great and we had planned accordingly. We set up our transportation to the airport and as we were on our way the flight changed to a delay of 2 Hours again. We all felt defeated. We completely understand that there are some things that can't be fixed. But with the way it happened both times it seemed as though it was poor planning on Spirit's end. Why schedule a flight for 12am when you're really going to leave at 2am? Again 4 hours in an airport is no way to spend a vacation. The attendants at the airport for spirit were rude. On both ends. We will never fly Spirit Airlines again.
My wife and I had booked seats on a flight leaving Cancun Airport on Feb 21st with a connecting flight in Fort Lauderdale to LaGuardia Airport in NYC. This flight was delayed one hour in Cancun because of weather problems in Detroit. Delayed we eventually reached Fort Lauderdale but had to clear customs. Presumably due to customs- related delays in Fort Lauderdale the connecting flight to NYC took off stranding 101 passengers. We were not given any official explanation as to why the connecting flight took off without us. We were advised to re-book our flights and were told that the soonest available seats were for Feb 24th (72 hours later). For Boston the lay-over was 96 hours with the soonest available seats on Feb 25th. There was no management representation at Fort Lauderdale and there was a justifiably angry group of stranded passengers. When asked about hotel accommodations we were advised to find our own and that there would be no compensation. When asked about assistance in locating seats on other airlines we were similarly advised that they wouldn't be able to assist us. Since my wife and I weren't able to wait the 72 hours we spent the night in the airport trying to locate seats on an other carrier (which we knew would have to pay for). We got seats on a JetBlue flight the following morning paying the full non-discounted fare which was considerable. The major problem was the connecting flight not waiting for us to clear customs in Fort Lauderdale. Why would the flight not wait for 101 people? I've been flying for more than 40 years and had to wait on many an occasion for other passengers' connections and other reasons which is par for the course. This was an extremely poor management decision which showed a complete disregard for Spirit Airlines' customers. This was then exacerbated by the lack of any meaningful assistance rendered on the ground. I realize that Spirit Airlines is a "discount (i.e. cheap) airline. However any successful business knows that its fortunes rise or fall with its customer relations. If there was a "crewing" issue (not being able to hold airlines staff beyond a certain time) this should have been anticipated in the airlines normal operations plan with staff back-up in Fort Lauderdale-after all this is the winter and hence presumably Spirit Airlines' busy season. This was our first trip with Spirit. However due to the airline's extremely poor management decision coupled with its complete lack of meaningful customer support I could not possibly recommend this airline to anyone. In general you get what you pay for but even a discount carrier needs to appreciate its customers especially in difficult circumstances. By the way I was going to discuss this matter on the phone with a customer services representative but they kept me waiting for 45 minutes.
Booked with Spirit for a Las Vegas trip. Was to leave Sunday 2/22/15 at 7:31 p.m. Checked in with airport 2 hrs before leaving Philadelphia (40 minute delay) checked again on the way to airport still 45 min. delay. Arrived at airport line was extensive at least forty people on line after waiting an hour in line found out flight was canceled due to snow when there was no snow on ground. After an hour and waiting over another hour to get a taxi back home people will still arriving hoping to take their flight to Vegas. Only to find it was delayed. Will never take or advise anyone to fly with Spirit poor management. Cost us over $100 dollars in cab service not to mention aggravation we went through.
This is the first time I have flown on Spirit. The price published if very deceiving. It listed airfare round- trip from LAX to LAS as $152. By the time I pre-paid for one bag selected by seat (purchasing the least expensive) the total cost was well over $220. It cost more to carry-on one bag than it did to check it. The seats are so cramped that even a 10-year old would be uncomfortable. The seats on the plane do not recline. Had issues at the counter even though I did an early check-in. The weight limit for baggage is less than other airlines (40lbs vs 50lbs). I needed to delay my return flight and the additional cost to delay it by one week was $130 even though I had already prepaid for the baggage and seat but only $56 to purchase another one way ticket. Of course the baggage and seat cost would raise it to $100. What a rip-off! I have purchased a ticket on another airline and will forfeit my return ticket because I will never fly Spirit again!
Booked 10 months ahead unable to check in online. Called and was assured we had guaranteed seats. Arrived and checked in at the desk and went through to board. Told we had not seats. Only 2 out of 4 in our party were able to board after a long battle.
We were traveling from Orlando to Fort Lauderdale and found what we thought was a good rate. But once we added luggage ($220) for three checked bags and 2 carry on's (which we later found out were personal bags that should not have been charged ($90). We asked for a refund which they refuse to do for luggage. Also their weight limit is 40 lbs. where other airlines are 50 lbs. their website is suppose to look cute but instead it is very confusing and difficult to navigate or find numbers for customer service and get answers to questions.
This is the worst airline I've ever flown with. After all the add ons for baggage ($ 35 for a carry on) seat assignments boarding pass charges etc. it cost more than other airlines. The seats were up against my knees (I'm not a large guy) and didn't recline. They even charged me $2 for a coffee. When my flight back to Boston was cancelled due to snow they wouldn't work with me other than putting me on their plane four days later. Terrible airline. Do yourself a favor and don't fly with them.
I flew Spirit in Feb. with my daughter and her family. I paid for 2 big seats for my daughter and myself from Mpls to Chicago and back again from Chicago to Mpls. When we returned from our cruise my daughter went on line and saw they gave her big seat away. I reserved and paid for those seat a month in advance. How could Spirit just give them to someone else and give her a different seat? I will never fly Spirit again nor would I recommend Spirit to anyone. They nickle and dime you to death. You must pay $60. for one checked bag and it must be under 40 pounds. You have to pay for water soda and a simple snack. You get nothing for free.
Don't be fooled by the cheap price. You get exactly what you paid for: poor customer service and travel headaches. Do yourself a favor pay little bit more and fly with a regular airline. Spirit is a gotcha airline. They lure you in with the initial cheap price and then they try to screw you in any way that they can with extra charge for carry-on and seat assignment.
Upon arriving at Myrtle Beach airport my Spirit flight was still scheduled and "on time" per the Spirit flight tracker on their website. I had pre-printed my boarding pass so I continued through security. After going through security I saw on the flight board that my Spirit flight had been canceled. When I approached the gate where my flight should have been starting to board there was no one there. Not even a Spirit employee who could answer my question where is the plane and why is it canceled? I had to go back to the check-in desk to see what was going on. Everyone on that flight was standing in line as well waiting to see when the next plane would be there. After waiting for 45 minutes to talk to a customer service rep I was told that the next flight available would not be for 2 days. I asked why it was abruptly canceled and they kept saying "weather". Even though it was sunny in both my departing city and arrival city. I ended up canceling my flight with Spirit and getting my money back. I booked my flight home with another airlines that could get me home the next day. I will never fly Spirit again and I strongly advise anyone from flying with this company. They do not have reasoning for their random canceled flights and extreme delays in re-booking.
On day 2 sitting in the airport trying to get home after spirit canceled my flight and left me hanging. Will cost me $1000 to finish my travel. Be very careful when you pick your discount flights. I will take my business elsewhere. In fact I nor my family would fly spirit for free.
Flew from Armenia Colombia to Dallas TX. First leg of the flight was late for no reason. They resold the second leg even when I was actually on time. They just assumed I would be late. They gave me invalid hotel vouchers and left me stranded in the hotel lobby. I had to pay the room by myself. Also I paid extra for the big seats and I got a regular seat because they changed the plane and the new one did not have enough big seats.
I will never use Spirit again. The little bit and I do mean little bit that I saved was not worth it. My flight to Fort Lauderdale was delayed three hours because another Spirit plane that was broken down was blocking our gate. No updates were given beforehand so I was at the airport for five hours before we left. That is not fun with two small children! You would think that they might offer us a complimentary glass of water for that hassle but they did not. Nothing at all! I was lucky but some other passengers had no rental car when we got to the airport because of our late arrival! The saga continues for my return flight. We were sitting on the plane for a half hour before we took off due to "high traffic" in LaGuardia airport. What is that about? Then we arrive in NY and the pilot tells us "when it rains it pours" and informs us that there is a gate door malfunction and we must wait for a power source. That and waiting for our bags took another hour. The stress was not worth the tiny savings. With all the extra fees uncomfortable seats and poor service I saved nothing. Do yourself a favor and don't use Spirit.
Flying from Chicago to South Carolina. Flight was delayed 75 minutes. We sat on the plane without receiving any updates to what was taking so long for take off. We were then informed the plane would need to be de-iced. 45 minutes later we were finally ready to take off. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. Poor service and not worth the hassle. We could have driven to our destination quicker than our time spent at the airport and waiting on the plane.
Hidden fees all over the place. I could have flown 1st class somewhere else and been far happier and a lot more comfortable after all the hidden fees. $10 to print your boarding pass $50 per carry on (it says 1 is included) however their carry on size is far smaller then every other airline we've traveled with. Staff in Fort Lauderdale airport were rude from ticketing counter to the gate attendant.Would you like a soda on board? That'll be another $3.00. Our seats on the plane were similar to sitting on concrete. We also had to pay an additional fee to sit in the emergency exit row. We had 4 flight attendants on board not sure why hardly anyone purchased drinks. They mainly stood in the front of the plane talking about their personal affairs. Myself and my husband were so disappointed in this airline we would not recommend it.
This is not the first time I have flown on Spirit. We feel that their on going value pricing is deceitful unreasonable and unfair. Bags should not cost $100 to check if you have to check them at the last minute. Situations come up during travels not everything can be planned so nicely. Your seats both regular and "big" are very uncomfortable. I have ridden in both. No seats on the plane recline and are thinly cushioned. The check-in procedures and policy to charge at the counter is unreasonable. Issues and/or availability to a computer or smart phone can often change the passenger should not be expected to incur expenses because of it. I was unable to confirm the purchase of seats for the person I made a reservation with because they did not have an email account. I feel like they intentionally avoid giving important specific information.
It's 10.50pm. Sitting in Philadelphia waiting for the 8.50pm flight to Dallas. Latest guess from Spirit is 11.41pm. Why? Don't know and they aren't talking.
I just recently traveled to Ft. Lauderdale from Latrobe PA. The flight back to Latrobe was cancelled due to weather. I understood the cancellation due to weather but the way the cancellation was handled was unbelievable. First it was cancelled 15 minutes before boarding time and the only way I knew that was because the people that were sitting next to me started to panic! We had to go retrieve our baggage then we stood in line forever only to be told that the next flight out would not be until the following Thursday! When asked if they could check in to other available airlines they said "well JetBlue has some flights to Pittsburgh but I am only telling you this as a courtesy"!! They would do absolutely nothing to help you out and Pittsburgh was an hour and a half away from Latrobe. It was the worst experience I have had and I fly a lot. I read some comments and people stated "well you get what you pay for". My flight was not cheap it was almost $300. That is not cheap. They nickel and dime you every way they can. I ended up going to US Airways and they handled my situation with courtesy and the flight was reasonable for one way. Spirit needs to learn about customer service.
I was flying from FTL to LGA with about 5 other people. Upon arrival we came across one of the reps that led to the baggage drop off line her attitude was out of this world! I have never met anyone so miserable and rude. Once we got up to the desk we were told our flight was delayed but all the screens showed on time. we spoke to 7 different people and all gave us different answers different times even cancellations. Absolutely no one knew what was going on. Staff on board was also very rude! Not to mention how dirty and uncomfortable the plane was!! Needless to say I will never travel with this airline again.
Took Spirit from LGA to Myrtle beach SC. On coming back got to the airport at 9am flight was for 12.30pm. They kept us in the airport until 11 pm and then decided to cancel the flight. They have no flights for another 4 days. I had to drive from SC to New York on a rented car. I will never take Spirit again. The customer service is the worst in the whole industry. They are rude unprofessional and disorganized. Yes refund was issued for the cancelled flight but nothing said about the inconveniences. They charged for everything even your little carryon.
I flew Spirit because I was travelling with a group and they wanted to fly cheaply we flew from Ft. Lauderdale to Denver the tickets were cheap alright but they charge you extra for every little thing that you will be much better off getting a great fare from a regular airline. If you add baggage in the airport instead of online there is an extra $20 surcharge so our two luggage already an extra $50 for 2 bags became $90 dollars. Secondly my daughter wanted to sit by her friends after all that was part of a group experience I had to pay an extra $20 and no you cannot just request a seat assignment like normal airlines. The worst insult was that I paid an extra $25 dollars for sitting in the Exit Row but you know what I could have got it for free if you complained hard enough to the steward that your legs were too long and you would like an exit row seat. So the guy across the aisle from me got an extra seat for with nobody next to them for whining. If you want to fly this airline be obnoxious and you may get what you want for free otherwise if you are a normal person don't bother your whole back will just ache because the seat will not recline.
NY LGA - Fort Lauderdale - Cartagena on 12/19/14. Cartagena - Fort Lauderdale - NY LGA on 01/05/14. Spirit Airlines possibly is the worst airline out there! Pretending to be cheap just to rip you off once you buy the ticket! They even charge $10 for printing your boarding pass if you do it at the airport at the counter. Soon they will charge for restroom use as well it would not surprise me. Their customer service is the most annoying in the world.
Jan 7 201 Los Angeles (LAX) - Chicago O'Hare (ORD). Chicago O'Hare (ORD) - Fort Lauderdale FL (FLL). You get what you pay for - that would have been good but no at Spirit you don't even get what you paid for and the rudest most unfriendly staff of any airline. I paid for extra leg room upgraded seat on a flight from LA to Ft Lauderdale very nice but they only supplied the seats from LA to Chicago and when we changed planes we were supposed to pay again and they gave us normal seats. Next time calculate all the cost and you will find for a few Dollars more you can fly in a total different class with most other airlines. This airline can only be described as Absolutely Terrible.
My fianc and I recently traveled to Jamaica in January on Spirit Airlines. Avoid this airline at all costs. They have you believing you are saving money when you book your flight but then they charge you an outrageous amount for checked bags carry-ons and water-yes they charge you for water. Absolutely absurd. They also pack you in like sardines. There is absolutely no leg room at all. Oh and their customer service is a joke. I was on the phone with a robot for like 45 minutes before I even got through to a real person. And even when I got through they were of no help whatsoever. You can't pay me enough money to fly with this airline again. Like I have already said avoid at all costs!
The seats are very crowded if you are over 5'10" forget it. We waited 1 hour on the tarmac for another bay to empty after landing. Once we finally got off the plane we waited over an hour for our luggage to be delivered to the trolley and then they put it on the wrong one. Someone just happened to notice everyone's luggage two bays away. The airline staff wouldn't even let me use the bathroom while waiting on the tarmac for one hour!
I think this airline pretends to be cheaper but it is actually not. They charge you for your luggage (even for the carry-on) some of the seats cannot even be reclined and they charge you for the cheapest snacks and drinks. I traveled to Costa Rica and the flight times were very bad. I had to pay a hotel in order to take my connecting flight the next day. In the end I spent the same I would have spent in another airline for a worse service (and more inconveniences). I am not going to use Spirit anymore.
I will never fly Spirit again! Don't be fooled by their cheap rates. I can't believe how they nickel and dime you. It would have been cheaper to fly Delta and feel a little more comfort. Spirits new seats give you a little more leg room but are so uncomfortable. Made from formed plastic can't recline and not a whole lot of cushion. When checking the bags in Tampa the lines were long for fast bag drop off. It took an hour to get through that line. The counter person was courteous but complained about working too many hours and just wanted to go home. Flying back into Detroit we ended up waiting for a gate to open for over an hour and half. I don't know why we could not have used another gate temporarily to at least get off the plane. Then the stewardess asked people that were not transferring to let some transfers go first. Well everyone decided they were a transfer because they just wanted off the airplane. Then waiting for our bags was another story! We waited for over an 1 hour and half for the bags. People were getting angry and asking Spirit personnel what going on and all they could say was there were 7 planes arriving all at the same time and then they closed the door. After waiting all this time the bags showed up on another carousel without even notifying anyone. Our ride waited 3 hours for us to get out of the airport. Other carriers were able to get in and get their customers out on a timely basis. Why can't Spirit?
We will never fly spirit airlines because of the way we were treated. They bumped us from our flight saying we were late to the gate and then plane was running late and they still wouldn't let us on. On the bumped plane they were an hour and a half late leaving but that's ok. On the return flight we were running an hour late due to a flight attendant running late. This was a horrible experience. Never again.
Going to my destination was not the problem we boarded on time and made it safe to our destination its coming home that was the issue. I arrived at the airport at 6am. on January 3 2015 which was a Saturday and was rudely informed by one of the Spirit attendants that my flight was going to be delayed until 10.30 that night. My flight was suppose to leave at 2.37 that afternoon but I was stuck at the airport for 17 hours. I had asked if I could possibly transfer to another flight. Well she was no help. I was told that this delay was due to a broken down airplane - that was just one of the excuses they gave me. The only thing I was given was 2 meal vouchers of 7 dollars each. After sitting there for 17 hours we finally boarded the plane only to be stuck behind a group of screaming children. The plane landed at 2.30 in the morning on January 4 2015 a Sunday. Overall I will never recommend going on any Spirit flight ever again.
You do not get what you paid for - you get less. Our flight from Ft Lauderdale to LaGuardia was cancelled (with no advance notice) and they could not get us on a direct flight until four days later. They could get us on a non-direct flight (flying Lauderdale to Tampa to Detroit to NYC) but with an overnight (no hotel compensation) - the only compensation they offered for the four day wait was a 30% discount voucher for a hotel - we went over to Jet Blue and were treated well. My husband's brother was to fly on Spirit the day after us on the same route - we called him to let him know of our trouble he in turn called Spirit to confirm that the next day flight was still scheduled and they assured him it was. Needless to say the day after our problem with the airline my brother-in-law showed up for his flight which was also cancelled with no advance warning. Finally - the credit they give you is only partial! Needless to say none of us will fly this airline again. P.S. Regarding the rating of Spirit - I would choose 0 if it were an option.
The seats were small and uncomfortable. The low ticket price lures you in but after you pay the outrageous baggage fees (including carry on baggage fees) you could've just spent a little bit more to fly on a better airline. You are not even given a complimentary drink (including water).
Flight: 197 6 Jan 2015. Flight: 174 9 Jan 2015. LGA-FLL FLL-LGA. The first flight was delayed by an hour due to the fact they decided to de-ice in the last minute. This is a safety must as I know but they could do it sooner since there was almost no snow and no rain or hail at all. The 2nd time the delay was 3 hours. During the wait the announcement claimed that the reason is ATC delay. Eventually we found out from the gate agents that the Aircraft we were meant to fly on has arrived an hour and a half after the designated departure time. At that boarding has started after 35 minutes resulting in another delay. At both flights there were no staff members who spoke good English. On the 2nd one they barely spoke any English.
Will not fly Spirit again. Not worth it. We (4 of us) just flew Spirit Jan 1st 2015 to Florida and back on the 10th. Cheap? Nothing about Spirit Airlines is cheap. It might look cheap compared to other flights but if you add in your luggage costs your not cheap. If you don't look into it and read the fine print you will be charged for everything including your carry on! We knew we had to pay for luggage but when told we can pay for luggage at check in we were unaware of the increase amount per luggage you would be charged. Also you would have to pay extra to reserve a seat isn't that what your tickets are for? Nope you get what's left over unless you pay extra. Carry on in unable to fit under seat you pay and that's more than your actual luggage cost! Seats tight fitting no reclining seats which is fine as with hardly any room to begin with if someone reclined you'd be pinned! Lets not forget no more peanuts or pretzels and a water or soft drink if you want it bring it on with you or pay their prices! We would have probably saved money had we went with another airline when its all said and done.
Spirit Airlines is actually not the cheapest airlines. At the point of ticket purchase you may think that you have saved $20 but think again. You will charged $50 for your carry-on item each way so that's $100 extra dollars spent. Their customer service is horrible even in person at the airport. Lastly don't even think to reschedule your flight because that will cost you over $120+. Not to mention the fact that their aircraft's seating is comparable to lawn chairs with leg room comfortable for anyone under the height of 5'6".
I bought a ticket with Spirit Airlines due to their low price. However I didn't factor in the enormous amounts of extra fees that I'd be paying in the end which is my fault for not having thoroughly researched an airline. After purchasing my ticket we paid an extra $170 in fees. For a one way trip. $80 for two checked bags $20 in government fees (this is normally included in the ticket price I assumed). Then we had to pay for our seats for both the initial flight and the connecting flight so four more charges totalling $70. They have a random generated seating option which is free but then my fianc and I wouldn't have been sitting together for our vacation which I think is absurd. Overall the base fare is cheap but with the nickle and diming that they do afterwords you're better off finding a different flight. I would recommend JetBlue.
We recently took an evening flight from Ft. Lauderdale FL to Denver CO. I was traveling with my husband and two young children The plane was filthy - there were crumbs and pistachio shells on the floor. The airplane was a disaster throughout - the floor desperately needed to be swept and/or vacuumed. Water was $3. Seats do not recline.
The only good thing I have to say about this airline is that the seats were comfortable. Right from the start I realized my mistake 90 dollars to check an under 25 pound bag round trip. Are you kidding me? Then failing and refusing to give me a receipt for the transaction. Everyone of clerks and flight attendants were rude and seemed to have a personal vendetta against their passengers. And the horrible experience of that flight was only topped by my return flight where I was promptly informed that I had not paid to check my bag already. And that's when my life degraded into a 4 year old argument with a flight clerk the back and forth of "No you didnt" "Yes I did!" Drawing every onlooker in the near vicinity. I had to demand a manager I almost missed my flight. Then another 2 hour flight on the only airline that wants to charge you for juice.
The seats were small and uncomfortable. The low ticket price lures you in but after you pay the outrageous baggage fees (including carry on baggage fees) you could've just spent a little bit more to fly on a better airline. You are not even given a complimentary drink (including water).
This airline is unpredictable and unreliable having worked in the hospitality service I am astonished with the lack of communication and lack of helpfulness the staff provided. Once arriving from an international flight that departed late because of Spirit the staff knew we were in the airport and did nothing to assist with getting on the flight even though it was clear that the flight left late and arrived late due to Spirit. The staff said quote "Run" when I asked for help in attempting to make my flight. Needless to say I will be arriving at my final destination with a bus 40 minute bus ride and another layover and no financial compensation for this disaster. The flight itself was uncomfortable had no provided entertainment no snack or beverage and if a consumer wanted to purchase food or beverage it was told that cash was not acceptable and only could take credit cards. The pilot announced decent early with another 25 minutes in the air exciting all passengers that needed to arrive on time to catch another flight. Spirit is not a comfortable or acceptable was to travel if you need to get where your going.
First and last time flying Spirit 1/2/15 - 1/5/15. 1) The bag dimensions I was given on the phone were smaller than the actual bin they have at the airport to double check. The luggage I was using was 2 inches larger so I stuffed everything into a small duffle bag. 2) Flight was delayed 4x due to "crew problem". I arrived in Tampa 4 hours later than scheduled and it took 2 more hours to get to our hotel because I had to keep calling and rescheduling the shuttle. We lost 1 full day of our short 3.5 day vacation because of Spirit. They offered no credit at all. 3) Flight going back to Chicago delayed an hour for no reason. They kept switching gates between A16 and A17 and people were so confused we all stood there looking at each other. Someone going to Dallas boarded the Chicago flight in the confusion and they had to run after him. Once we were on the plane we had no pilots! When they finally showed up they explained over the intercom that they had just flown the plane in the next gate in from Detroit and they thought they were flying it back to Detroit. I think we left 30 minutes after our delay time. At this point I am glad I arrived in one piece. If they had offered some small piece of something to show they cared maybe I would consider flying them again but absolutely not. If they gave me a free round trip I wouldn't accept.
They suck you in with cheap ticket prices but then ravage you with extra charges and fees. The extras fees for us totalled $150! $40 per early checked bag (If we had checked in at the airport it would have been $100 per bag and $10 per person. Oh and a carry-on would have been another $100.) Plus their weight limit is 40lbs so if your bag is over that it'll be an additional $25. Also if you don't pay the $100 for a carry on to go in the overhead bin they won't let you stow it up there because it's reserved for those who did pay. Then we had to pay for our seats which would be free if we were ok with random chance seating. Also because we had to take a connecting flight we had to pay for seats on both planes. Then icing on the cake the regular $20 in taxes and fees. It should be considered fraud! In my opinion if you want a no frills airline to save some money check out Allegiant. They do it right. The way Spirit does it by the time you're done with all their extra fees they're no cheaper than anyone else. Allegiant still keeps it cheap despite the extra fees they charge. We paid the $18 for the "Big" seats but when we boarded the plane the ones we had chosen/paid for didn't even exist. They were just regular seats! The plane layout their website had given us to choose seats on was wrong!
Granted the prices are cheap but you will more than likely be disappointed. My brother and I had a reservation to fly to New York from Ft. Lauderdale and the flight was canceled not delayed but canceled due to "bad weather" and "air traffic." All weather updates displayed sunny weather at 20+ temperature. All other airlines were still on track to fly to New York except for Spirit airlines. No attendant could explain as to this specific airline can't fly. All flights to New York were canceled for 4 days all due to again "bad weather" and "air traffic." As an added bonus refunds take about 7-10 business days. Even if you were able to book another flight with a different airline you possibly wouldn't be receiving your money back for anther two weeks. Spirit airlines is known for having many delays. Don't fall for the cheap prices. Save your time and money.
Will never fly Spirit again. Seats were uncomfortable - staff not very attentive. You have to pay extra for everything and the prices are not cheap at all. We would have been money ahead flying with a different carrier. Our flight from Chicago to Vegas was delayed by 4 hours. We were originally told it was due to mechanical problems - we found out from the pilot when we were taking off that our plane was actually given to a different flight and we had to wait for a plane to be available for us. Not sure what made our time any less important then the passengers that got our plane.
I will never fly Spirit again. If you don't do your research prior to selecting Spirit you will be angered by the all the charges levied upon arrival at the airport. First off they have a 40 pound limit for bags. There are charges for each bag whether you check it online in advance or check at the ticket counter it is expensive. If you have a personal bag and a carry-on you will get charged $50 at the counter and $100 at the plane. Spirit charges you over $50 to select your seat. There is no beverage service in-flight. Overall it was a terribly expensive flight with no upside. Do not fly Spirit Airlines!
My flight to Chicago O'Hare was uneventful but my return flight to Denver was awful. The flight arrived 1 hour and 20 minutes late even though it left on time apparently it was just mis-advertised/scheduled. Once it finally arrived in Denver it took 45 minutes before the luggage started to show up then only half the luggage actually made it to the carousel. After another 45 minutes a conversation with an extremely unhelpful ticket agent a supervisor and an extremely rude spirit attendant (in the baggage claim area) the rest of the luggage finally arrived. Not once did any of the employees apologize for the inconvenience or actually try to remedy the situation. In addition the baggage fees are ridiculous they even include a $32 fee for a carry-on. These fees alone negate any savings you think you are getting. I will never fly this airline again I will willingly pay more for better service.
I assumed Spirit airlines was a traditional airline since I booked the tickets like I book all my tickets and there were no notifications of additional expenses or the non-traditional business model. Now that I know more about the model I think they may be onto something but not informing customers that the seats are cramped especially on longer flights and that you need to pay for all baggage is poor business practice. I actually paid more for this flight with the baggage fees than I would have for a major US airline. In other words I actually paid more for less comfort no entertainment and a poor experience. This was once of my poorest flight experiences to date - this is based primarily on comfort and the fact that I felt duped. If Spirit had been up front with their business model I likely would have a different opinion. Businesses like this are made on repeat customers not a continuous stream of first time customers. Good business model if you really can provide seats for cheaper (mine wasn't cheaper) but poor execution. I will not be a repeat customer.
Terrible experience. Only 2nd time I've used this airline and will never use them again. My wife and I had a change of plans 4 days after booking for a flight 2 months in the future. Original tickets $440 - $312 in change fees = $128 refund that has to be used in 60 days on Spirit Airlines. You can be the judge if this is fair treatment. You get what you pay for!
Do not fly spirit airlines. A regular price ticket that was really no cheaper than the other airlines. The reason we chose Spirit is because the flight times were just what we wanted. A fee for carry-on baggage. When did this become acceptable? There were three different levels of payment - $35 if you paid online for early check-in $50 if you paid during check-in or $100 if you paid at the gate. No complementary beverage service. On our 4 hour flight no drink was offered without a fee. Not even water. All these extra fees added up to a trip which was actually $150 more expensive than using a different airline. The seats do not recline.
I was a member of their $9 fare club. I personally didn't notice a difference in anything! You pay for absolutely everything. I was flying from Michigan to Fort Myers. Customer Service is unfriendly. My plane was delayed two hours. Once finally on the plane it was delayed another hour due to the engine overheating or whatever. PA system was kind of garbled. Only at that point we were offered a complimentary drink and snack because of the delay. The seats are tiny and you're charged for picking your seat. (Delta doesn't charge you for that).
This is the worst airline out there. $10 for checking in. $50 for carry-on (make sure you pay for them at check-in or its a whopping $100 to carry on a bag at the gate) $45 for checked bags $25 for anything over 40 lbs. Extra charge for seats. The prices aren't even that much better and the schedules often not good. In fact what you save in ticket price you more than double in fees.
This airline has to be the worst I have ever traveled with. I don't know if it's because of the holidays or if they are just always like this. Their tickets might be cheap but you pay for it in every other thing that they can think of to charge you for. Don't bother bringing carry on thinking you'll save money 50$ to check carry on. Don't forget they charge you for a small cup of water. That's not really what irks me though - it's the fact that this airline doesn't seem to have anything together. Everyone of my flights were delayed by an hour to 2 hours for random and not clearly explained reasons. Everyone is fairly rude and not reassuring. Not only have these delays inconvenience myself they also inconvenience the people coming to get me from the airport. All in all poor service poor comfort (the seats don't recline at all). Terrible prices for luggage and food. I am completely disappointed with this airline and I don't think I will ever use them again.
I flew today with my family of 5 from Houston to Orlando we arrived at the airport 2 hours prior to our 7:20am flight. When we arrived at the ticket counter for the "fast bag drop" the line was out the side doors of the Houston airport with 1 person working the baggage counter. We waited in that line over 40 minutes. When we were asked to come up to the counter the Spirit worker was very snappy and rude. We made it to the gate and started boarding an hour after boarding time.
Sept 11-16 Flight 501 Flight 520 returning. We flew Spirit for the first time in sept 2014 Kansas City to Las Vegas. Our flight going was acceptable but the return flight was downright horrible. First we get to the airport and there is a line about 3 miles long. We tried to do online check in but the site was down. Then the worst of all the flight was delayed 3 times I will never fly this outfit again.
I just booked a trip with Spirit but am going to cancel and take the loss. Talk about a rip off. They charge more for baggage than any other airline including carry-on. You have to pay for a carry on unless it fits under the seat. Their cancellation fee is higher than any other airline and you have to pay for an assigned seat. While their fares seem reasonable at first with all the add ons they are more expensive than most major carriers. It's almost impossible to reach a human being on their customer service line.
Our flight was reserved as part of a AAA vacation package to Cancun Mexico. Had we known about the lack of free non-alcoholic beverages not being able to recline the seats and being wedged into a seat like a sardine I would have not flown with Spirit Airlines! Luckily our hotel had a working computer and printer for the boarding passes. Otherwise we would have had to pay at the airport for not having boarding tickets. And why did we pay to be in an early boarding group for the entire round-trip if our boarding group and the next boarding group were called to board at the same time? This happened at both legs to our destination and both legs from our destination! Luggage cost: Spirit charges $40 for a 40 lbs suitcase at the time of on-line check-in $50 for additional suitcases. We had three suitcases. Yes it's a bit cheaper if paying for suitcases at the time of reservation which we could not do because we booked through AAA. The cost per suitcase is even more for heavier suitcases and if paid for at the airport. Last I checked most other airlines accept up to 50 lbs per suitcase for about $25. By the way some airlines allow up to 70 lbs per suitcase for international flights. We and several other passengers almost missed the connecting flight from Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore. We flew in from Cancun picked up our luggage to take through customs and then followed the signs to the location for re-checking the luggage. No one was at the re-check location all of us had to go upstairs and re-check our baggage at the regular ticket counter. Having said all this the prices aren't that much cheaper and after all the nickel and diming the cost is nearly the same as other airlines. We rather pay a bit more up-front and have more leg room free water/soda recline our seats not worry about being able to print boarding passes at our hotel and have an agent on-site for luggage re-checking after going through international customs.
I am sitting in a hotel room on Christmas Eve eating Chinese food due to the fact that two hours before departure Spirit cancelled the flight from ACY to RSW. They could not book anyone on another flight to Florida because they were apparently already booked solid for the next week. I have been a loyal Spirit customer in the past but will never fly with them again. Cancelling a flight on short notice Christmas eve is simply unconscionable.
Spent 4 hours on tarmac before getting to terminal then 3 more hours in line waiting to get through customs. The staff were extremely rude. We then missed our connecting flight which was the last one for the day. We were supposed to have a 4 hour layover but because of the unexplained delay we were instead forced to wait until the next day for a flight. There was no explanation for the delays. The weather was good. There also was no courtesy from any of the Spirit staff. We were told to just deal with it.
My perplexing journey began when I sent a question to Spirits customer service the week before Thanksgiving I am still waiting for a response. I learned very quickly and painfully that if you want to choose a seat on the plane you do pay. If you want to bring a carry-on you do pay. If you want a drink you do pay. Another painful discovery I made on this journey is that they change prices on an apparent whim. When I went online to check in my bag the information said it would cost $25. When I finally got to the payment page there was a notice that the charge had increased to $27 due to the holiday but when I actually submitted my payment I was charged $30 for my checked bag. On the flight home the online charge for the same bag was upped to $40 - with no explanation. I also discovered that when some people bring food onto the plane rather than buying it on the plane the variety of smells can become nauseating. On the first flight the seat backs had been scavenge they had no padding or covering. The tray tables held one drink and one cup but I'm guessing that they don't get much use anyway since you have to pay $2.00 for water. Then when we arrived at the gate no one came to let us out. The captain eventually said that the gate people didn't know we were there. I guess they didn't recognize the large object parked on the runway outside their window. This is only the tip of the proverbial iceberg. All-in-all experiencing Spirits bait and switch tactics I refuse to ever repeat that mistake.
I recently traveled from Denver to Vegas for the first time on Spirit Airlines. As soon as I got to the airport I was not only surprised by the $40 checked bag fee but the $50 carry on fee. But knowing that a lot of airlines are charging bag fees I paid and moved on. We got to the seating section of the check in and it offered for me to select a seat for additional money or have it randomly picked. I was traveling with someone but thought surely they wouldn't separate passengers traveling together. I was wrong. Then of course they couldn't even offer a free drink. My seat just fit me and I had to have my arms crossed the entire flight. On the flight home I paid $81.00 for a checked bag and the privilege of sitting next to the person I was traveling with. The only positive was the flight attendants traveling home who were extremely funny. I will never fly this airlines again and will be sure to tell anyone thinking of flying with them not to.
At ATL booked on flight 877 to FFL at 10.15 am it's currently 2.20 flight delay very little info. No one at Spirit counter seems interested had to tell them they are suppose to give updates every 30 minutes.
I looked for a flight from BWI to Las Vegas and all the other airlines where either completely booked or the fares were ridiculous. When I saw Spirit offering a flight for half price of the other airlines I jumped all over it without thinking or finding out why the fare was so much cheaper. If you thought the seats in other airlines where small you should see these ones. You have to pay for your bags even the small articles you have in your hands. Buy your bag pass online for $32 and do not carry a bag onboard. If you want assigned seats it will cost you $10 to $45 to get a seat otherwise you have to take whatever they give you and let me tell you those seats are tight. Do not ask the flight attendant for anything you will be charged handsomely. It was still a good deal for me and I am happy I got where I was going but it wasn't too pleasant.
Poor customer service in-person and on the phone. Delays due to lack of organization. Failure to verify passenger carry-ons leading to over-filled overhead bins. Passengers who paid for their carry-ons had to sit with them in their seats.
3 out of the 4 flights were delayed/late (had layover in Vegas). I am not going to focus on the no frills accommodations because I knew about them before we booked. I am going to point out that Spirit has to deliver on the most basic items they are promising and they did not. The planes were clean. My sons tray had food on it the floor under our seats was dirty with crumbs papers etc. Our flight back to Chicago was supposed to arrive at approx 10.50pm flight #356. Instead we made it to Chicago at approx 3am. I was traveling with my wife and 2 children ages 3 and 6. In San Diego we arrived and were told at customer service that the plane was an hour late. Spirit gave our plane to another destination and we inherited a plane that was being repaired. We made our way to the gate and by the time we got through security our plane was delayed another hour or two. No one was providing updates to the crowd. We boarded flew landed in Vegas. My family was starving needed to go to the bathroom etc. We rushed to pick up a sandwich and then waited before boarding. Again I have to remind you that I have a 3 and a 6 year old. I also overheard the gate attendant telling passengers that the flight was delayed because of weather which is an obvious lie. I was in San Diego and know the plane was being worked on. I have flown every airline out there and have experienced delays in the past. They take the cake. How they handle business is absurd.
Flight got canceled but other family members made it to same destination on other airlines (Southwest). Never received any text or e-mail notice until 10 hrs later. No help or assistance from counter just we will give you your money back. Walked over to United and they were more than happy to help us find flight. Flew back on Spirit as did not want to cancel and not have way home. Flight delayed due to attendant being late. Comfortable seat yes pay the extra $25.00 but regular seats all I heard was complaints of how tight the were. Staff on flight back tired unfriendly. Booked through them do to saving money never again spend the extra few dollars it is well worth it for other airlines.
One way flight from McCarran airport Las Vegas to BWI in Baltimore flight 696 Nov 29. When buying 4 cross country tickets for our family flying is not inexpensive by any stretch. But Spirit takes flying to a whole new low. The seats were so close together that my knees touched the seat in front of me. And I am only 5 ft. 4 in. I felt so bad for the 6 foot tall man beside me. There were pretzel crumbs all over the floor no complementary beverages (even water) and not even a sick bag in my seat pocket. Do I need to pay extra for that too? Finally the seat reclined all of two inches which was no reprieve for my discomfort. It is probably the most inhumane way to travel. I will never fly with them again.
Cheap base price doesn't translate to cheap overall prices. I implore anyone looking at the "low" fares on Spirit and thinking they're getting a deal to think again. This airline is bar none the worst airline out there. They will charge you to choose a seat anywhere from $11-$45 on the flight I took. They will charge you fees to check in at the airport $10. They will charge you an awful amount of money to the point where it is no longer cheaper than others. Want to bring a laptop? Well that's an extra $45. Thinking about a drink on-board? More money out of your pocket. Service is horrendous. The flight attendants were rude and you're packed into a sardine can with far less room than you would have on a real airline. It turns out I would have saved more money flying Southwest or Delta. This was all while checking in on-line and trying my best to avoid those extra charges. I didn't choose a seat. I was forced to take one carry-on and I didn't buy anything inflight. I will never fly this airline again.
No matter how low their prices "look" because that's simply all it is a facade with tons of hidden fees to come after you commit to their "low" ticket prices. Our tickets were $275 each which sounded great for a direct flight to FL from MA. Then the nightmare began $20 per person to sit with my husband on the flight I just paid for. You have to pay for your bags in advance or the prices just go up - who knows what size bags they'll be bringing 3 months prior to their trip. We paid $70 per person for 1 checked bag each. Only a small purse or briefcase is allowed on the flight with you at no charge if you want a carry on you pay for that too. So we put everything in our checked bags to save money. Planes wasn't very clean and the seats were tiny don't recline and even better nothing is free! No snack no water soda etc everything costs money. The staff onboard were stuffy and not cheerful. If you don't check-in online before arriving at the airport they charge you another $10 per person each way. At check in for the flight home my bag (the same weight it was when we left Boston) would cost me $50 due to being overweight - now it's double for the same suitcase. Staff did not want to help and simply said I could either take things out or pay. On top of our $275 flight we spent $275 in "fees" which brought our tickets to $400 per person.
This airline is horrible! Our flight ended up being only $30 cheaper by the time we added bags and seats that's right you have to pay for the flight the bags then the seat you want and if you want anything at all on the flight its extra! The seats were cramped really cramped! The flight was 2 hours late. The flight attendants were rude. Not worth the hassle.
Round-trip flight from Minneapolis to Vegas leaving 12/4/14. Upon arriving at the airport as I was checking my bag today I was told the flight was cancelled. They said my money could be refunded or I could fly out the next day at 11pm. There was no offer to assist me in getting another flight today. As a result I spent 5 hours trying to get a flight out that same day but could find nothing under $1200. Horrible customer service from Spirit and as a result my entire vacation was cancelled.
Delayed a couple hours heading from Vegas to SD. Then from SD to Vegas it was delayed several hours. Ended up having to stay in SD an extra night. The staff are horrible and distant not caring at all. No food or rooms offered. I am now at the airport for my flight that was supposed to board at 9.25am. It is currently 10:30 and the flight has been delayed until at least 12.30. I will not be surprised in the least if it is further delayed. Horrible airline!
The staff were so unprofessional! Instead of getting us seated they were talking amongst each other. We had a big seat and the floor was filthy. We've been using Spirit for about 15 years and they were very good years ago but we definitely see a big decline in personnel dirty seats floors etc. It doesn't cost more money for at least the staff to be courteous and friendly. We are looking for a new airlines. Last night was the last straw!
I am not one for negativity but had a been slightly more knowledgeable about this airline I mostly likely would have booked another carrier for the extra few hundred dollars. I have the feeling its our responsibility as consumers to research and be as informed as possible within reason. The extra baggage charges seat charges etc I could deal with even though I found this out only 2 days before I left for my vacation. What left me with a huge dissatisfaction was the gate attendant. We heard cancellation announcements for other passengers and became concerned about ours. When we enquired the attendant was very nonchalant and unapologetic and provided no solution to our issue. Had this employee been properly informed we would have known in plenty of time to get leave the airport rent a car and drive to Ft. Lauderdale to catch our connecting flight to Costa Rica. The nonchalant attitudes seem to be a common thread throughout this airline. All in all this vacation worked itself out but it was too much stress because of the unprofessional and unorganized ways of this airline.
Don't be deceived by their low base rate They will charge> you for everything except the bathroom and squeeze every dollar out of you that they can! We paid extra for luggage over 40 pounds which most airlines are 50 pounds. We paid extra to ensure we got to be seated together for our trip. Extra for snacks and water! And when you check-in online and you qualify for express baggage check-in be prepared to wait 45 minutes to one hour! Do your homework and compare bottom-line prices including baggage seating check the allowable baggage weight etc and whatever you do do not choose Spirit Airlines!
The ancillary fees are plainly excessive. From bag charges small luggage allowances (40lb instead of common place 50lb) plus the fact that carry-on is charged for completely negates the base price is low. On a business trip from Europe our transatlantic fare included luggage fees was less than flying from Florida to Las Vegas with Spirit. We had no chance of printing out boarding passes and were then charged for that too. If there are any other way of going from A to B I will not fly this Company again. It's too stressful and aggravating.
Flight was $200 compared to an average of $250 for other carriers. Got to gate and was told my "one and only" carry on bag (that fits in the overhead compartment) was too large to qualify and would cost me $100 round trip. That's 50% of the total flight charge. Had no choice as I was already at the airport. Got on plane. Charged $2.50 for a coffee. Lady next to me was also charged for a blanket. I will never fly this airline again. Seat was cramped and uncomfortable.
Deceptive low ball pricing sucks you in - but they then hit you with hidden charges for everything. You will be repeatedly ripped off and end up paying 110% extra for an uncomfortable seat on a filthy rundown plane with a surly rude crew and lousy service! Our round trip tickets (2 adults - One with a carry on bag and one with a checked bag) from Ft. Lauderdale to NY were supposed to cost $280.32 but ended up costing $612.36.
This was our first time flying with Spirit and we will never fly with them again. My best friend and I took a trip to Las Vegas and flew with Spirit. Myself as an Entertainer and her as a Hospitality Manager we travel a lot and work and deal with people. From start to finish not a single worker was friendly genuine or even showed a smile. We received attitude from multiple workers only because they themselves were having a bad day and taking it out on their customers. Most airlines allow you to have your bags up to 50 pounds but Spirit only allows 40 pounds. Along with that their prices for luggage (including overweight fees) are ridiculously expensive and you have to pay for your carry-on as well. There are no complimentary drinks or snacks on the flights and what they do offer you have to pay for and is yes expensive. I would not recommend Spirit Airlines to anyone.
Used Spirit for our honeymoon to Puerto Rico. I thought I was getting a good deal and boy I was wrong. This airline charges you for everything. After buying our tickets months ahead of time I then checked a day before we left for our trip and was charged over $400.00 for luggage and to pick our seats! When I checked in the flight was still leaving on time. I then checked our flight again before we left in the morning and it still said the flight was on time. When we arrived our flight had a 4 hour delay. After 3 hours they then told us it would be another hour delay and that we would be unable to get to our destination that day if we had connecting flights. They put us in a hotel in Fort Lauderdale overnight. The next day after boarding after a 5 hour delay they then told us all to get back off the for a security check of the plane they forgot to do. They assigned the seats that my husband and I paid for to another family. Ground staff and flight attendants were rude and showed no compassion!! No call back from customer service after a week of waiting.
I was super disappointed with my flying experience with Spirit. I didn't read the fine print on the cost of luggage and seats. I guess that is my fault but pretty sneaky on Spirits part. Those are costs that you should really make sure your customers can read. The cost of the flight attracted me $336 round trip not bad! Then it was another $60 for my luggage and another $40 for my seat. You can imagine my surprise when I sat down in my $20 seat that was truly the most uncomfortable seat I have ever sat on in an airplane. When the flight attendants came around with beverages and snacks to purchase they even charge for water.
I will not be flying Spirit Airlines again! I would rather drive the 2 hours it takes to get to Charleston SC so I can fly Southwest Airlines. We had 4 legs to our trip and had no problems until we got to the last leg of our trip. The staff were rude and obnoxious! We were told we had to check the bag that we'd been carrying with us the entire time! The cheap seats are no match for quality customer service!
Spirit's "cheap" flights are deceiving. If you compare the base cost to other airlines it will most likely be cheaper. However Spirit is amazing at finding every single possible way they can get even one more dollar from you. You can't even get water on the plane without pulling out your credit card. 1 carry on bag is $50. You can't select any seat to ensure you stay with your party without paying at least $10. The seats are small and uncomfortable and don't even recline. Customer service is not a priority for Spirit Airlines. The employees I came across at BWI and LAX as well as on the phone were not friendly. Reps were clearly there only for a paycheck which seems to line up with Spirits over all mentality. The only reason I am giving Spirit more than one star in overall trip satisfaction is because both flights were on-time. All economy airlines were not created equally. Thanks for the reminder Spirit. I will forever pay a few more dollars on the base rate and remember that the included courtesy reclining seats water/soda are more than worth it.
I needed an emergency flight from NYC to CHI on 10-28-14 returning on 11-2-14. I was able to book my flight for a pretty good price but boy was I in for a trip. Going there was good until I was told I would need to pay for my carry on bag which would have been $50.00. I went to the rep at the airport gate she looked at my bag and said it was fine. Everything on flight I had to pay for (snacks beverage no entertainment). None the less it was a night flight so I just went to sleep. Now on the return flight is where it went all downhill. I arrived at the airport an hour and a half before the flight 30 minutes before takeoff they announce it is cancelled due to crew and they had no other flights to put me on. Their only offer was to reschedule my flight for the next flight out at 6am or get a refund. I asked for the refund so that I could book a flight on Jetblue. I will never recommend Spirit nor subject myself to their services again.
Once is definitely enough to experience a lousy flight with Spirit. Supposedly offers low airfares to "nickel and dime" a customer to the point that the extra "hidden" costs equate the original cost of the ticket? For what should have cost $125.00 for a round trip flight from San Diego to Las Vegas ended up costing me over $200.00. For less than that I could have flown at least a couple other carriers with a reclining seat with legroom free wifi or video service (regardless if I used it or not) free water or soft drinks and a snack (again regardless if used or not)! For anyone over 5' 3" tall I strongly advise you go with any other carrier.
Flew into Fort Lauderdale from Boston - went to check in and was shocked at being charged $50 for carry-on baggage. Last minute aircraft change and numerous people were complaining about how dirty the plane was trash was on the floor and stuffed into the seat pockets. No leg room with my knees crammed against the back of the seat and the person in front of complaining because I wouldn't let them recline their seat. On the return flight we spent over 2 hours online trying to print boarding passes with 2 other couples and none of could get past the log in. We called Customer Service were no help.
Worst flying experience ever. Not only is it cramped and extremely uncomfortable for longer periods of time but their staff/flight attendants seem miserable and rude. Spirit is awful if you are a planner and don't want to be delayed or on time. I am thoroughly disappointed in my experiences and I will never purchase another "cheap airline" ticket. The $50 you save is not worth it.
We flew out of Portland (an hour and a half late) got to Chicago late and since we were late we missed our connecting flight home to Houston. When we were trying to figure out our next flight the lady told us we could go to Atlanta and then Houston or wait at Chicago for about 7 hours and go to Houston later. So we chose to be active so we went to Atlanta then Houston. Well the lady didn't tell us that we had to recheck our bags (we should have known to ask but that's their job to make sure). So we get to Houston and guess what we have no luggage or car seat for my 6 month old baby. So thank you Spirit for the most stressful 24 hours. I am now sitting in the baggage pick up at midnight waiting for my things when I should be home sleeping.
Flew with spirit for the first time for our honeymoon to Costa Rica - we knew we had a lay over in Ft. Lauderdale (12 hours) with a connecting flight but we did not mind getting a hotel there - unfortunately our flight was delayed we missed our reservations for dinner and made it to our hotel by midnight to sleep for 5 hours before we had to make our connecting flight. That flight was also delayed - reason unknown - they offered drinks but were out of most everything. The only thing for purchase was ramon noodles and coffee a strange combo at 7 am. The seats are so small and close together you can't move - the plane inside was filthy all over. On the way back once again our flight was delayed (mechanical reasons) by several hours. When we arrived back to Florida we had already missed our connecting flight - I will say that they took care of us in that instance and since it was their fault we missed our flight they put us up in a Holiday Inn paid for food and transport and had us out on a flight the next day. That flight was also late - and once again they were out of most refreshments. Maybe I would fly again if I was desperate but probably not.
Spirit is by far the most unreliable airline I have flown. Aside from the 2 plus hour delays aside from the cheap seats with super thin backrests/the cramped space aside from charging for any bag bigger than a size of a purse it's been a cost effective experience - one in which I'll pay not to ever fly again.
We are currently onboard Spirit Flight 710 that landed at LaGuardia airport on time on Sunday October 19. Upon arrival the pilot announced that another aircraft was loading passengers at our gate and we would be at the gate within 15 minutes. It is now over an hour later and we are still not at our gate no further announcements. The pilot has announced that the FAA is completing the log book and the flight attendants should provide us complimentary snacks and drinks. Only one gate for this flight and no plan B is on of their continued problem and the lack of customer service is another major issues. Any consideration for sending a bus and have us deplane? The plane is freezing cold! We were doing fine until we finally landed and after not flying Spirit for a while owing to the poor and consistently horrific customer service my return has been met with another horror ending. Spirit do us a favour and do not expand until you improve your existing services.
May have saved a few dollars in airfare but paid more in the long run. Leaving Chicago flight delayed 2 hours. When asked why no response could be given actually got a shoulder shrug. Arrived in Las Vegas 3 hours late still do not know why. Leaving Vegas on Monday check flight status before leaving for hotel "on time". Flight supposed to leave at 8:29 am at 7:45 post that the arriving flight just leaving from Dallas. You mean to tell me they did not know our flight was delayed when the arriving flight had not even left the airport? Would it kill to keep flight information updated and accurate? Most airlines send out update texts which requires only an automated system. Spirit cannot be bothered with little things like Customer Service. I guess our time is worth nothing. When all said and done baggage fees seat assignment fees $2 for water and five extra hours in the airport means bye-bye.
Oct 3 2014 flight #189 Houston to Las Vegas. Oct 7 2014 flight #398 Las Vegas to Houston. Bad customer service! Flight delayed 4 hours and notification to passengers was not timely. Nickel and dime is true. My seat ridiculously tight and should come with a warning seriously. Next time I will just pay a bit more fly a real airline and be semi-miserable. Also no internet or TV or music etc.
I flew from DFW to Tampa Oct 18 2014 and return flight Oct 22 2014. First leg of flight was delayed 8 hours. I was scheduled to arrive 6.30 pm and arrived at 2.30 am. I was not given a voucher for cab food or any viable alternative travel options. I was visiting a friend who was recovering from major surgery and could not ask anybody in her family to pick me up at that time of night/morning so I paid for a $40 cab ride. The flight back to DFW was packed and I was in a row with a man who had to have been well over 400 pounds possibly closer to 500 pounds. A girl and I shared one seat while the large man had two seats. I was terribly disappointed with Spirit Airlines. Although your flight attendants are wonderful they can't make up for these ridiculous fails on your scheduling and overbooking. I would have paid an extra $500 to get to my destination on time and to actually get a full seat on my flight.
The prices are tempting. Just keep in mind there is a charge for everything except using the bathroom on the plane so be sure to add those charges in when figuring the actual price of your ticket. You are allowed one free "carry-on" as long as it will fit under the seat in front of you. For a carry-on-sized bag that is free on other airlines you pay an additional $45.00 each way so for a round-trip ticket if you fly with a carry-on add $90.00 to the fare. This is only if you pay at the ticket counter or on-line. If you wait until you get to the gate it will cost you $100.00 one way for your carry-on. You are able to check-in online 24 hours before the flight. Do it because they overbook. If you want to select a particular seat the charge is $15.00 one way. There is a charge for all refreshments including bottled water. On many planes the seats don't move. All of this I knew about before-hand. What I didn't know about was how poorly the airline treats their customers once they have the booking. The representatives of the airline either lie or intentionally ill informed. Either way it works against the customer. I was delayed from 8.30pm until midnight on my return flight. Always check on your flight before you leave for the airport. Sadly I didn't. No one was at the gate to inform people and there were no announcements. The only way we found out anything was with our smartphones. No texts from the airline either. At 10:30 PM finally there came an announcement: we were told that the flight was cancelled because of bad weather. We could either take a refund for one way or wait until the next night at 8.30pm and try again. No help looking for other flights on other airlines either. Where was the bad weather? Skies were clear. The flight originated in Houston took off and went directly to Ft. Lauderdale and by-passed my stop in New Orleans. Spirit reps didn't tell anyone about that either - found out about that piece of info through a friend who called the airline. I went to the ticket counter and was told Spirit had no other flights available until the next night. I found out about another flight on Spirit that left the next afternoon when I called the airline after I got back to my daughters house. Others were not so lucky. No hotel vouchers for that night because the airline doesn't issue vouchers for flights cancelled due to bad weather. Spirit is notorious for claiming bad weather as the excuse for flight cancellations. That night the agent on the phone did book me on the afternoon flight the next day no extra charge. But be warned - don't fly in the evening if you can help t or you can get stranded make your own phone calls and don't trust Spirit reps at the airport to help you or give you accurate information. I'm going to have to save a lot of money to ever fly this airline again. Not worth the aggravation!
First and last Spirit flight. Was warned by friends that the extra fees and consistently late or canceled flights wouldn't be worth the $20 savings. They were right. Delayed from MSP to LAS - 1 hr. Delayed 2.5 hours from LAS to MSP.
Awful service delayed flights poor communication (attendant with poor mannerisms made few announcements did not know correct gate until last minute). On the first flight the attendants did not know which gate the 2nd flight would be until they landed and opened the plane door (what is this no abilities to call the airport ahead of time?). During layover I had to deplane knowing I had to board the same plane again. I misplaced my ticket during the layover and hence had to wait until the very end to reprint my ticket and board again. This entire process could have been avoided if I stayed on the same plane to begin with.
Miami was my original place of departure we were run from gate 2468 about ten times until finally we left on gate 10 after 45 minutes of the playing magical gate game. The price for the baggage was excessive and overcame the rest of the pleasant flight. Don't worry there are other airline with lower service rating like American Airline and lower of poll US Airways.
Purchased airfare from Denver to Ft. Lauderdale with a connection in Chicago. After arriving at Denver airport and waiting at the gate for boarding I received an email saying the flight to Chicago was delayed an hour. No less than 15-20 minutes later I received a second email saying that the flight was actually on time and the customer service rep announced we would be boarding at 2pm. Wrong! Sat there at the gate another 20-30 minutes after 2pm and just as the plane is boarding they call the names of all the Ft Lauderdale bound passengers and tell us that we aren't going to make our connection and the next available flight is on Sunday. This was a Tuesday! As if that wasn't bad enough the service reps responses were extremely rude and amounted to "gee sorry who cares". Already had paid their $50 bag fee which they had originally charged me $80 for. Their employees kept telling us the issue was air traffic control in Chicago but coincidentally nearly every one of their flights from anywhere to Denver that day were late or delayed not at all just Chicago. It was blatantly obvious that they were straight up lying and that the real issue was likely a mechanical problem. Eventually got sick of arguing and had them refund everything and re-booked the next day on a real airline which cost me an extra $300.
I will never fly this airline again. The tickets are cheap but any savings are more than made up for as they proceed to nickel and dime you every chance they get. The checked bag fee is almost double what other airlines charge but it's outrageous that they charge even more for carry on bags. They also charge to print your boarding pass which I was asked to rip in half myself before boarding the plane. The seats don't recline so that they can pack more passengers on the plane - very uncomfortable. I expected to pay for food but not for drinks - including water. The plane was filthy - as I boarded I noticed crumbs all over the seats and large pieces of food all over the floor. I will never fly with this airline again. I wont go business with a company that charges me hidden fees at every opportunity.
Do not believe their hype that they are cheap. Spirit charges for everything. You pay for your flight and find out there is an additional fee when assigning your regular seats water on the flight and expensive luggage prices which includes carry on. Once you total all the added fees you are paying more. They added more rows of seats which means you have less room than normal. First time I used them and feel "hosed".
Worst trip ever. Flight was cancelled due to fire in air traffic control in Chicago (not the fault of Spirit). However the customer service was horrendous. The next day I checked in and the manager was training 5 new employees. The manager was taking her time to show them the process step by step and made me jump through hoops to show them how a customer checks luggage to make sure it's the right size. I asked if considering the last 24 hours she could skip the training and check me in faster. She was rude inconsiderate and showed 5 new employees that terrible customer service is OK with Spirit. I'll never fly them again.
Flight from Chicago to Boston got cancelled due to bad weather. The customer service was very limited (extremely long wait time it felt like speaking to a robot who kept repeating itself). The company only provided the option of booking the next available Spirit flight which was more than 24hours later or get a refund of the cancelled flight (so only 50% of total flight price). The company didn't provide the opportunity of booking a flight with another airline.
Horrible customer service unprofessional staff bad information. Flight out to Chicago was late 90 minutes. Was misinformed that my flight was canceled on the return and ended up having to pay for a hotel and dinner and catching a red-eye flight on my dime on the return. Worst ever experience flying and with customer service in general. These folks hire people that are unprofessional and have zero training in service. They also nickle and dime you for everything. I wouldn't fly them again also they have the worst seats in the airline industry.
The worst of the worst (and then it goes downhill from there). First time I flew them the flight took off 2 hours late. The second time (shame on me given their reputation) the flight was announced as late and then took off on time without announcement causing me to miss the flight. Even though several others missed the flight as well and after 1.5 hours in customer (non) service lines there was no refund or credit offered. When an interviewer suggested Spirit was the Walmart of airlines he proudly stated that was not true Spirit was the Dollar Store of Airlines. Odd thing to be proud about. Never on time surly employees no consideration or accommodation for anything. All of the employees I've spoken to hate them (which is probably why they're so surly). It is the airline equivalent of riding on top of a train in India. If you must patronize them make very sure you are aware of their draconian policies or you will receive surprises that will not be enjoyable!
From Houston to Atlanta - Ticket Cost $353 to check in at the counter $10 Kiosk- free Carry on Bag $50 at the Kiosk $100 at the gate. For a reserve seat $5 to $25 a random Seat - free. Sodas and water $3 each 2 sodas and bag of chips $7. All drinks and food were for purchase. They did not have a card reader so it was cash only. Flight attendants were not needed because they didn't provide a service.
No value not satisfied not using this company any longer. I saved money on the tickets but after my bag and carry-on fees I spent more than the other airlines was charging oh and don't fly back into the USA and go through customs at Ft. Lauderdale unless you have 5 hours to waste. 5 hours in line and office told me they were short 25 employees and those that were on staff were knew which meant they were slow.
Spirit is a scam. Its approach is to make you believe you are getting a deal but there is a charge for everything and the seats are so uncomfortable unless you purchase a a big seat. I was going to my graduation on a simple flight from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando which should have been a simple flight however both flights were delayed over an hour coming and going within two days. I missed my graduation exercise because of the terrible service!
From LGA to FLL - no bag sizer next to the kiosks at LGA so I was not sure if I should pay the 50$ fee for bags or not. I did for fear of having to pay 100$ per bag at the gate. There was a bag sizer in the boarding area I measured my bags (2) and called the attendant over to verify that both were of size to go on the plane for free. The attendant agreed but said that they couldn't give a refund now because they were already starting the boarding process and this was the only attendant working at the gate. He said that we could get the refund from customer service upon arrival with no problem - that was a lie. Customer service was less than useless and refused to issue a refund even after placing our bags in the sizer again and seeing that they qualified to travel for free. We later called the airline and spent 45 min on the phone which lead to more excuses - bottom line this airline is a giant scam and I will never fly with them again.
Flight 971 running late due to crew arriving late. Airline only allows 1 personal bag the other you must pay $50 to place it in the overhead compartment - $45 to check it to your final destination. 1st and last time I fly with them!
From beginning to end my experience with Spirit Airlines supported the negative reputation that I have born witness to. Several flights were delayed several hours and there was no consideration for the passenger/customer through the inconvenience to our plans. Being charged for drinks on board a flight that was delayed and ultimate tacked on 6 more hours onto a trip is a slap in the face. The inability to seat myself and my wife in another pair of seats because her seat did not lock in the upright position while their are seats available is insulting. I presume locking the seat in the upright position is stressed for safety reasons. Why wasn't sitting in a seat that locks in the upright position? I originally thought flying this airline would prove to be a bargain but after being charged for carry-on and/or check-in luggage seating refreshments catching up on wasted time flying with Spirit proved to be very costly.
Cheap airline but not so cheap when you get to airport $30 for checked luggage but only 40lbs the usual is 50 lbs so then they hit you with an additional $25 and then a carryon is another $25 - then seats are so close together that sardines have it better. We usually fly United but got a really good deal on seats so decided to try. Never again in the long run any other airline would have been cheaper and certainly more service. Thank goodness the flight was only 2 hrs.
On Tuesday September 23rd I had a flight out of BWI airport in Maryland scheduled for take off at 12.41 which of course was delayed and delayed and delayed. I realize that it comes with the territory when you fly and it's bound to happen when you fly often which I do. The problem I had most was there was no real explanation for the delay the plane was there the weather was good in both locations. When it would get close to the time they predicted we should board or pass it then they would say something like it wasn't "cleared" to fly. None of us knew if we were getting out of Baltimore that day or not and as time ticked away they did not offer any alternatives. We did finally take off around 6.15 or something with a $7 voucher in our hands that didn't cover the cost of an entire meal and a $50 credit tied to our confirmation number so everyone better not loose that but they still made us pay for a soda on the plane. I don't know it's just me but I think they could have done better.
Chicago to Orlando September 17th. Return flight September 21st Orlando to Chicago. First and last flight. No second chance. The round trip was plenty of experience. Delayed both flights and not weather related. They charge for every last thing and you pay more for carry in than checked. Do I get to charge them for cleaning up the food droppings peanut shells and dirty Kleenex in my seat? The staff is rude probably from getting grief regarding the fees and delays. I would gladly pay $50 more to be treated like human.
My husband made a reservation from Chicago to Las Vegas. We were supposed to depart at 5.09pm but their representatives at the gate told us that the flight was delayed to 8.38 pm. Than at 8.00 pm we understood that the flight was delayed again to 10.10pm and the "empty airplane" which was specifically for us (feeling very special) just left Myrtle Beach. Every time I fly with Spirit Airlines there is some problem. This is the last time that I'm flying with them. Spirit Airlines doesn't care for their customers at all. Delays all the time. You pay for your carry on bag more than the regular bag (of course you don't have one free bag at all). If it's going like this soon we'll be forced to pay for our personal items as well. I will not fly with them again.
To be fair Spirit warns you that it is a bare bones on the cheap airline. it is the Greyhound of the sky and proud of it. My flight was delayed 7 hours due to the crew not showing up to the fly the plane. The worst part about it though was the fact that I arrived at the airport 10 hours early to try and get an earlier flight. when I checked in they informed me of the delay. They knew of the problem 10 hours out and did nothing. I gave up the fight because this was an experiment to see if it would be worth using them again. Obviously you really get what you pay for. However about 40 passengers where loud enough to get someone manager? to try to calm the situation. She then spent 30 minutes flipping back and forth between excuses what she could do to help and what not. in the end she informed everyone that they could cancel their flight for a 150 dollar fee or get comfortable. It is unfortunate there is not recourse the passenger have in a situation like this. Again the airline knew 10 hours in advance of the problem and just did nothing. Just a live and learn situation. did get a 7 dollar meal voucher. Got me a large water for $7.50.
Dallas to NYC-no problem. Return flight on 9/22 is a different story. We were boarding the plane with the exact same luggage we had on the original flight. One of the gate attendants insisted that my wife's bag was over sized and we would have to pay $50 to take it on board. I read all of the requirements when we got our boarding passes that morning and it said clearly that each person was allowed 1 carry on bag and 1 personal item like a purse etc. When I placed the bag in question into the container that is used to measure allowable size it fit perfectly. Another passenger walked by and said the same thing had happened to her on this flight as well. After the attendant noticed that the bag was ok she said that if my wife's purse and a small camera bag that I was carrying would not fit into a carry on bag we would have to pay $50. I told her that her company's written policy stated that we could board with what we had and that we had traveled on previous occasions with no problem her only response was that no one else was doing their job right but her. We were backed into a corner the plane was boarding and there is only 1 flight per day from NYC to Dallas so I had no choice but to pay. When I told another attendant there that we would never fly Spirit again she said that she didn't care. This attitude is unacceptable. Having been in the customer service field for over 20 years I could not believe this attitude is condoned by the airline but after reading other reviews here I see that it is an accepted behavior. I will pay double before I fly on Spirit Airlines again.
After paying the bag fees Spirit was no longer the cheapest option from Minneapolis to Vegas. In my opinion I felt like I had been tricked by Spirit. This was my third trip to Vegas in eight months and it will be the last with Spirit if they continue to have a bag fee.
Ft Lauderdale-BWI. Flight delayed 2 hours cabin was dirty including bathroom - the sink was clogged and floor had water all over it. When I let flight attendant know she just laughed and waved it off. The captain advised us that drinks would be served and that normally credit card is usually the way that you can purchase but the machine was down so cash would be accepted. I did not have cash since I spent it on a drink that I thought I could bring onboard due to a medical condition however the gate lady said I had to throw it out. I asked for a glass of water and explained my medical condition I never received my water. After I purchased the ticket thinking I had a great buy since I'm disabled and live on tight budget then got the shock of the baggage charge. I will go back to flying another airline.
My $200 flight became $345 after all their additional fees per ticket. I didn't know I had to play for carry-on bags that they hit you at check in for. $50 a bag for each member of my family. We booked at different times and one of the confirmation numbers never arrived so I was not able to check in online the night before so I was charged more. When I called customer service and followed their menu and hit the number for what I needed the menu started over. It took 15 minutes to find a number where I could speak to someone. What kind of airline does not tell you that you have a seat you can't choose a seat pay for carry-on (checked bags were less) require you to check in online so you can pay less for your bag (but I can't print boarding pass while on trip with no printer) etc. I just wasted 45 minutes and now spent more money than I would have if I booked on any normal airline. I will never fly on Spirit again regardless of the cost because of the headache it gives me.
In the past month I have flown with Spirit Airlines four times and not by choice. I am a freelance designer and my travel was arranged by the company I was working for. However I will never choose to travel with Spirit and strongly advise people to look elsewhere for a discounted fare. I understand the idea behind cutting amenities for a cheap ticket but that does not mean the aircraft has to be completely filthy. Every one of my eight flights were delayed and twice I was stranded overnight and left to my own devices to find lodging for the night. I have never experienced more deplorable customer service. Every single employee behind the Spirit counter looked and acted as though they would rather be shoving bamboo under their fingernails than helping anyone arrange flights or seating. It was so ludicrous at one point I honestly thought I was on a hidden camera show. This was not just one airport it was at every airport I have been to.
Poor Customer Service Poor Problem Solving and Promises Unfulfilled. Spirit Airlines is the worst airline I've flown on. I needed to make last minute arrangements for my mother and I to fly to Los Angeles from O'Hare in June. Spirit Airlines provided transportation to our destination but it was certainly cut-rate all the way. They charged $50 extra for any bag carried in addition to our purse. They also charged for water and peanuts. The seats were tightly squeezed together as I expected but I didn't expect them not to recline. The return flight stopped in Dallas. In Dallas we were told about weather problems in Chicago. They kept us on the Dallas tarmac for 3 hours. After 3 hours our flight was cancelled and we waited in line for hours to reschedule. We were told there were no more Spirit flights available for the next 3 days they were all sold out. The attendants at the Spirit counter promised a full refund for our return flight which Spirit later would not honor. They did not fully refund the cost of the flight home nor the baggage fees they charged us. Not only were we left on our own to find a seat on another airline at a much higher fare they would not help with any basic needs for a frail women in her 80s like water. Spirits offer to assist us find a hotel ended up with them overbooking us in a budget hotel already sold out of rooms. No one (including other passengers) was aware the hotel was sold out until after they arrived at the hotel. No additional help was offered to find a different hotel. No reimbursement was provided for the hotel or food. This was my first and last time flying on this airline.
We flew from Detroit to Myrtle Beach the flight there was fine however the flight home the seats had crumbs and the tray tables had smeared food and were just plain awful. I brought the condition of our seats to the flight attendants attention and she said "if we can we will try to move you" needless to say she never come back to check on us or give us something to clean up with luckily I had wipes to clean the seats and the tray tables - I was thankful it was only a two hour flight. A very long two hours.
LAX to San Jose Costa Rica with a layover in Ft. Lauderdale. The worst experience on all fronts. Checked-in at the counter as I wasn't sure if my bag was one that I would have to pay for. He told me that as long as I put my purse in my carry-on and only had one item I would be fine. I showed him my bag and he confirmed that I would not be charged for it. However when boarding in Ft. Lauderdale I was stopped by one of their employees who asked me if I paid for my bag. I told her no she asked me if I had used the overhead compartment on my way there and I said yes. She informed me that if I planned to use an overhead bin then I would need to pay them $100 immediately or I would not be able to bring my bag on my flight. I ended up paying the $100 in order to board my flight and I was made to feel like the whole thing was my fault - it was terrible. On the way back home my friend and I decided to go online the night before as we were told that if we pay online we only have to pay $30. When we went to pay their website told us that we were not eligible to make payments at that time. So we still ended up having to pay $50 at the airport check in. Even if that baggage fiasco hadn't happen this flight still would have been awful. The seats are the airline equivalent of plastic picnic chairs and you have to pay for water (even if your flight is 5hrs long). Coming home from San Jose after going through security my friend decided to fill her plastic water bottle so that she could have a little for the flight. Before boarding they announced that they were going to re-search our bags and that we would have to dump out all liquids that we were carrying my friend didn't think that they would actually prevent her from bringing airport water on to the flight but when they checked her bag they told her she either had to dump it or chug it. She chugged it. It is clear that every thing Spirit does is an extra attempt to take more money from you. I understand that they offer affordable flights but it is not worth all of the extra out-of-pocket cash and stress that they cause. I will never fly with them again.
I am pretty mixed about Spirit Airlines. They don't support Military or Elderly discounts so me being Military going home on leave I had to spent a lot of money for four bags. That was horrible and then they "nickel and dime" you for everything and anything extra. The seats weren't all that pleasant when it came to comfort but they were more spacious than other airlines surprisingly. I did get to my destination on time and I got all my luggage. Overall I would not recommend this airline.
How is this airline in business? Low airfare attracts people who travel with children and there were lots of them on my flight. New Orleans to Ft. Lauderdale 5 hours late. Concessions at the airport had been closed on our concourse for 4 hours by the time the airplane arrived. The staff would not even give the kids a drink of water unless mom or dad shelled out $3 bucks. There is a difference between being a discount no frills airline and a cheap one. Spirit is just cheap. So if you like flying with people that have five kids they do not control if you like missing connecting flights or arriving very late by all means fly Spirit. You will not see me there. And by the way no matter what the staff will always tell you the delay is "weather" related.
This is by far the worst airline I have ever had the displeasure of flying. When I flew to Boston less than a month earlier with Delta the experience was great unfortunately this time Spirit airlines has made not want to travel for a long time to come. When I flew with Delta the flight left and arrived at the same airports yet it was 100$ less with Delta. Also a carry on drinks and snacks were all complimentary with Delta. With Spirit a carry on (not check in that's more) costs 50$ each way if you pay online and $100 each way if you pay at the gate a small water bottle costs 3$ and poor quality snacks even more. The worst part was when I checked the flight status before heading to the airport the flight said on time. When I got here I found out that it would be almost 6 hours late. Even now over an hour and a half after the scheduled departure time the Spirit airlines website is still showing that the flight is on time. When Delta left late they apologized and offered complimentary drinks and snacks while we waited Spirit airline hardly has an attendant at the counter and when he is here he's on the phone making personal calls.
Spirit has no standard operating procedures. I traveled from Houston to Orlando from Sept. 6th to Sept. 10th. I had the tpica carry on suitcase that fits on the overhead compartment. Leaving Houston I was able to get on the plane free of charge. When I got to the gate at the Orlando Airport I was notified that I had to pay for the bag. I expressed to the gate supervisor that I was not charge at Houston airport and questioned him as of why I had to pay. He expressed that it was not their fault that Houston was not doing their job properly. He had no empathy towards me and or the couple that had the same situation beside me.
Hands down the worst airline I have every flown on - small seats and horrible customer service. Marketing and charges are deceptive and intended to confuse. Never fly with Spirit.
I traveled from Ft Lauderdale to Detroit and the flight was fine uncomfortable airplane but for the price what can you do. On the way back to Fort Lauderdale the flight was delayed for 3 hours? I will never flight with Spirit again even with free tickets!
Ft. Lauderdale Sep 4 flight 657 to New Orleans and departed Flight 680 Sep 5 from New Orleans to Ft.Lauderdale. This airline is the worst. I have flown many airlines and have never had such a bad flying experience. The staff were very rude and all the unexpected fees doubled my price. It is no savings with a small carry on at $50 dollars and if I want to sit by my child had to pay $18 dollars for seats together. So my payment went up $136 each way.. not so great the plane smelled fowl and seats are cramped and very uncomfortable. Make sure you book a massage the next day you will need it.
Not sure how this airline is still around with the abysmal service and ridiculous delays. Flight to Chicago from Boston two days ago delayed by 3 hours. Today the return flight is delayed for three and a half and counting. Not weather delay mind you. Please avoid this airline. Not worth the meagre fare savings.
Whatever little bit of money you save when you book your flight they are going to get back in outrageous fees. My dad came to visit us from Bogota. The flight here was delayed 2 hours for no apparent reason. No apologies or explanations given. They didn't even offer him a cup of coffee or water! This is an international flight. Water and crackers are pretty standard! He got lost in the airport because their flight attendants fail to tell the passengers where to claim their bags. Since they ended up arriving around 2am half of the airport (ATL) was not in service and there was nobody available to give any information. We dropped him off this morning to go back home and I am hoping things go better after the rough start we had this morning. I have never seen such terrible customer service. These people were rude. Their kiosk to do self check in was very slow to the point I wasn't sure if it was working. A woman from the airline started to come toward me so I thought she was coming to help me. She actually asked me where he was going and snatched his passport out of my hands stood in front of the computer and cancelled where I was trying to do the self check in. Then she told us to get in line. The we went to the very crowded counter only to get yelled at by to more of their employees. Then they proceed to charge him extra for an "overweight" bag. We were never told that their limit was 40lb instead of the standard 50 - his bag was 48lb! They were charging people for carry ons that were very small.
Flight 600 from Atlanta to Dallas July 16th and Flight 877 from Dallas to Atlanta on July 18th. I even question why there is a place to write a review on such an unbelievably classless company. The worst travel experience. The flight was delayed 3 hrs in arriving to our gate. The flight was delayed 1 hr after boarding. The flight was delayed yet again at the destination gate. On the flight the flight attendants were very crude and borderline confrontational to paying customers. When I asked for a cup of water the flight attendant responded "No way this is Spirit Air where you don't get anything for free!" I understand the principal of a discount airline is to pass down the savings to the customer however to do so at the expense of professionalism is certainly not worth the savings. This was my first and certainly last flight with Spirt Airlines. Take heed and do not fly Spirit airlines.
Spirit Airlines is the most awful business I've ever been forced to use. Not only did they charge me $45 dollars just to check my carry on they delayed our flight three times making us 4 hours late getting home. I missed my ride from the airport missed an important meeting and spent more money on airport dinner than expected because of these clowns. Then they refused to compensate on the first delay! Will never use them again. Don't expect any complimentary water it's $3 a bottle right along with the $10 charged to print your boarding pass.
I flew with Spirit via round trip from BWI to LAS. Most of the time their website was down or didn't work. When I arrived at BWI not a single person at the check in desk. Their so called carry on cost $50 at the counter or $100 at the gate. Once on the aircraft the seats didn't even recline and felt like there was no padding at all! If you requested a seat oh yes another charge of at least $18. Now combined seat charge carry on charge you can expect to pay up to $236.00 on top of the so called "cheap flight". I will "never " fly on this airline again.
I decided to fly Spirit in spite of negative publicity regarding baggage and other fee extortion because the times worked the best. I did not have a problem with my baggage because I was diligent about adhering to the size and weight restrictions. Unfortunately my flights were delayed both ways (one due to flight crew not showing up and the other due to weather). This was the least legroom between seats that I have ever experienced on any flight. Not to mention I had two people sitting next to me on the first flight who both were way too big for their seats making it impossible to get up to go to the restroom during the flight. It would make sense for the flight crew to manage these situations because it is unsafe and unreasonably uncomfortable. The flight back was equally miserable. The elderly father and his son sitting next to me were also first time Spirit flyers and we spent most of the flight discussing how we would never fly Spirit again since they had similar bad experiences. There were two empty rows in front of us and the son - very tall - sitting next to me asked the flight attendant if he could move into one of them. The flight attendant said he had to wait until the plane was in the air and then two very rude women were allowed to take seats in those rows about 30 seconds later (before the plane even moved from the gate). The woman who took the row of seats directly in front of us weighed approximately 350 lbs and spent the flight lying across all three seats snoring loudly while we sat in our sardine accommodations behind her. I knew not to expect frills but flying Spirit reminded me of an airborne Greyhound bus filled with the people of Walmart. Now that I have experienced it I know that it's worth it to change my schedule and pay whatever it takes to fly another airline. I realize that Spirit is one of the most profitable US based airlines with more than enough people to market this low-end service to; however I would strongly encourage my friends to pursue other options for their air travel. Most people I know care about service and would be equally disgusted by the Spirit experience.
You can only carry a purse or a small backpack not a carry on. A "carry on" is an additional $50. All refreshments are for purchase. To choose your seat is an additional $18. To get a boarding pass from a representative at the counter is an additional $10. I flew to Houston from LA. For my returning flight 2 of the 4 kiosks were out of service to self check in. I had to wait in the same line as the people that were paying for all of their baggage and get boarding passes trying to avoid the $10 fee. My flight was at 11.25 I got to the kiosk at 10.41 and my pass wouldn't print. I get to the representative and he tells me I've missed my flight that leaves 40 minutes later. I had to check in by 10.40. They had no more flights leaving that day and the next day's flight was oversold. (What airline only has one flight to Los Angeles). They couldn't book me on another flight for 2 days. I had to buy a same-day one-way ticket on another airline or wait 2 days to get home. I will never fly Spirit again. The fair is not cheaper. By the time you're finished purchasing all the things you'll need a fair ends up as much as if not more than any of their competitors.
My wife and I flew Spirit from Las Vegas to Houston Texas in Feb 2014. It was so cramped it felt like we were in a sardine can. I just read in the news that Spirit is the cheapest on leg room in the entire industry and that on an Airbus 320 they pack 178 passengers into the plane while United only packs in 138 passengers. Spirit charge for everything. We will never fly Spirit again.
I checked in the day before and printed the boarding pass paid for the checked baggage which I have no problem with. The instructions said go to the Fast Bag Check. It was a holiday weekend at LAX one of the busiest airports in the world. There was no "Fast Bag Check" and only one check in counter open. I was in line more than hour before the flight time with about 4 people in front of me. The line moved slowly until there was one customer in front of me. It then came to a complete halt for about 30 minutes. The customer was paying for baggage with cash and they had no change. The check in person walked aimlessly around to other airlines asking fir change and then just stood at his counter doing nothing. He refused to check in any other customers. When he eventually got change and I got to his counter he asked where are you going and I said Dallas he laughed and said "too bad the flight has left". I replied no my flight was in 30 mins to which he laughed and said "check in closes 45 mins before the flight". I said I was in line well before 45 minutes and he had spent 30 minutes waiting for change when he could have helped others. He ignored me and called out to the next person in line. They too were going to Dallas and so was everybody in line. Everybody complained but he refused to do anything. The next flight was 7pm that evening and it would be an extra $267. I paid the $267 reluctantly. He would not check me in and made a snide comment about making sure I wasn't late next time or I wouldn't be allowed on that flight. The 7pm flight was delayed "due to maintenance" until 8 9 and then eventually 10 pm. While waiting at the airport. I decided to check the flight online. The price if the flight was $92 and I had been charged $87 plus an extra $267. That was it I went straight to the boarding desk. Luckily the agent at the desk was really sympathetic and acted like he wasn't surprised apologized and without me asking refunded the $267 and upgraded my seat to the most expensive seat for free. The flight attendants were actually very pleasant and helpful but the plane was so cold. The flight attendants were wearing sweaters and thick tights. Several passengers complained about the temperature but nothing was done. I arrived in Dallas at 3am and had to spend another $100 on a taxi because I could not have the person who was picking me up be up until that time in the morning. Never again!
4 hours late from Las Vegas to San Diego. Poor communications no one at the gate. I was given a 7$ meal voucher 15 minutes before we boarded and that was only because I asked.
I was a first-time passenger on Spirit Airlines and unfortunately my experience was not a good one. Before online check-in I was unable to reach customer service by phone. The FAQ section did not address my concern so I expected to "talk" to a person there. All one gets when calling the phone # provided is one prompt after another with no "speak to rep" option. The 4 takeoff and landings for my destination were all 2+ hours late. If you want to get there on time or even slightly later forget flying with Spirit Airlines. Their routes are ridiculous. My flight from Kansas City to Minneapolis took me to Chicago first where I had a long layover which ended up even longer due to bad weather in Chicago. That was understandable but flight out of Chicago on return flight was delayed without explanation. A flight from KC to Mpls is actually only 1.5 hrs but it took me all day in airports and in Spirit planes to get there.
I flew Spirit out of Philly to Las Vegas during Labor Day Weekend and I have to say this was by far the worst flying experience I've had. There is zero customer service skills among the staff - that and no communication between staff and customers regarding delays. I sat on the runway for a good hour before my friend asks the flight attendant what the delay was about and her response was "the jet is being fuelled" funny because there was absolutely no fuel truck in sight. We come to find out there was a mechanical issue with the plane. Where did they get those seats from. I'm by no means a large girl but those seats made me feel large I was unbearably uncomfortable. The seats didn't recline there was absolutely no leg room and the seats were so close together that I could smell the breath of the person next to me. The temperature in the plane was so cold. If you think you're getting complimentary water think again - Spirit Airline nickles and dimes you for absolutely everything including water. $320 round trip from Philly to Vegas seems like a good deal until you add in the $90 for just a carry on and $3 for water and additional costs for any other drink or snack. If you are looking for a cheap flight you will find it on Spirit Airlines along with a cheap experience and lying staff members.
Just yesterday I had the worst experience I've ever had with any airline We were booked to fly out of Cancun directly to Dallas with Spirit Airlines. They had overbooked the flight by about 7 people and everyone showed up some people volunteered to give up their seats for the usual compensation package. My partner and I checked in online in the morning prior to the flight. We arrived to the airport and waited at the check in counter as they were getting another couple checked in printed boarding passes checked luggage and sent those passengers on their way to the gate. They however denied us help denied offering any customer service or compensation because they said we had arrived too late to print off boarding passes but they did admit to use that they had knowledge of our online check in. Then while we were standing at the counter with 4 other passengers Spirit Airlines proceeded to book flights and offer hotel and ticket compensation to the other passengers. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again.
Booked a flight to Dallas from Philadelphia that was to depart at 12.15pm. Get to the airport and try to check in I get informed that my flight is now delayed for another 3 hours. It's understandable that things do occur but what upsets me is that I got NO notification of the delay. It's very unprofessional for the Airline to not inform it's customers of a change such as that.
This was my partner and my first experience flying Spirit Air. Our flight out to Boston was flawless. After about 3 hours of delays in Boston MA where our return trip started we were told despite the delays that the plane we were on would still be the one we stayed on all the way to Portland OR. We were told this twice in Boston airport by Spirit Airline personnel. In Chicago they asked us to stay on the plane come through to take our tickets and announced as we were taxiing onto the runway that the plane wouldn't be continuing on to San Diego after LV. Any passengers continuing on to Portland OR were all set because this plane would be going straight from Las Vegas to Portland OR after a brief stop. In Las Vegas we were asked to disembark while they changed flight crews and cleaned up. We were told to stay right at the gate so we could re-board as quickly as possible. When we got into the terminal we double checked with the representative at the gate that this was where we would be re-boarding our flight and she barked back at us rudely and accusingly "No this isn't your flight you missed your flight. This plane is going to LA. Your flight took off hours ago". We were shocked. Ourselves and about 30 other passengers were sent to the next gate where we spent 2 hours trying to get an explanation and resolution. We were lied to by Spirit Airline Representatives multiple times. They offered 10% off two night stay in Las Vegas hotels and a spot on the Monday 4.30pm flight. Or a refund of the portion of our trip from Las Vegas to Portland OR. Most of us needed to get home for work Monday. We asked both through the company representative at the gate and through the customer service hotline that Spirit Airlines rectify the problem they had created. Some of us were desperate enough to ride a bus all the way to Portland. When that was turned down as a solution by Spirit we asked that at the very least we be treated the same way overflow passengers are. Meal vouchers a free round- trip ticket and free hotel stays. That was also turned down. In the middle of the night in an empty airport my partner and I had to find a courtesy phone and book a Sunday morning flight with another airline charging over $700 to my credit card just so we could be home in time to go to work on Monday. The entire experience was stressful and the way Spirit Airlines handled the situation was ridiculous. Not I nor anybody I know will ever fly Spirit Airlines again.
My son had a scheduled flight at 10.30am today. They pull out only to turn around and go back into the terminal for a problem. He has sat in the terminal since 10.30am and no news and they don't update. He is 18 and when he walked over to ticket counter to get an update he was given a nasty answer and no info. We live 2 hours from the airport and would say spending 500$ to fly to Florida is not exactly cheap and the service is lousy! No news if his plane will ever leave!
This airline is the worst! As I'm typing this review I'm sitting in an airport waiting on a delayed flight. It was Spirits first flight of the day from PHL to Myrtle Beach and the weather is perfect for a Labor Day weekend so one would not think a flight would be delayed. The reason for the delay is that the flight staff got in really late last night so in order to stay in compliance with the employment rules they must rest. I completely understand that but instead of Spirit sending the passengers an email/text because they had advance notice of this delay they just let people show up at the crack of dawn for nothing! Any savings you get from purchasing a Spirit ticket will be offset by extra fees (extra time spent for parking in the garage seat fees baggage fees and tons of indirect fees) lost time (I could've slept in) headaches and bad customer service. My first and last time flying with this airline. Future passengers you've been warned.
My husband's incoming flight (on another airline) decided to hold everyone on the plane for 45 minutes because customs was busy. This left him with (and a lot of other people) about 40 minutes before his Spirit flight was scheduled to depart (the last one). They wouldn't let him or anyone else check in! And there were no available flights for 2 days. Spending not just one but two nights in the airport is ridiculous. With fees etc. it's more a case of buyer beware but the absolute lack of a single damn given about your passengers is unacceptable. If you knew everyone was going to be stranded for 2 days why decide it was too close to departure (at more than 30 minutes before) to let anyone check in? Instead most people got to spend a glorious 3-day 2-night vacation in the Ft. Lauderdale airport. With you know no open restaurants no place to lie down. And customer service? Laughable. Needless to say we will never be flying Spirit again.
August 20th from Bogota Colombia to Orlando Florida to Dallas/Ft.Worth. The worst airline I have ever flown. We were held on the aircraft for 2 hours before we were finally allowed to depart the plane. We missed our connecting flight and when we tried to work the issue out with the attendants they were absolutely rude. I do not recommend this airline to anyone and will no longer use this airline. There is no cost savings using the company.
Spirit Airlines should be renamed "Broken Spirit Airlines" because their spirit is broken and they want to break their passengers spirit too. Our flight from Boston to Atlanta was delayed 4 hours. The return flight was also delayed by around the same time. I flew first class wasn't given anything extra no free drink or snack.
They had a 6 hour delay from Boston to Ft. Lauderdale and the flight was to continue to Tampa but they took that flight #615 and made a new flight and left about 14 passengers stranded at 1am at the airport. They also told us the next flight going out was at 10pm that night. They offered us a partial credit of our flight which that leg was worth $69 or we could fly into Orlando. We fly into Orlando with no way to get to Tampa. No Spirit flights from Orlando to Tampa. Cost me another $100 for a rental since I was picking my vehicle up in Orlando and dropping off in Tampa. Customer service is horrendous. I spent 36 hours awake and landed at an airport I never asked to be at and it cost me more money thanks to Spirit. Whatever you think you will save forget it go with someone else otherwise you will regret it I did. A water and tea cost $5.00.
Their "bare fare" is too bare. Not even water? Really? It is painfully obvious Spirit cares nothing about their customers and only about making money. I selected Spirit because the flight was going to get me in a few hours earlier and I needed to be there for business. Both flights on the way down to Vegas were delayed which caused me to be late to my meetings. After being stuck on the plane for over two hours more than I was supposed to be I wasn't able to get complimentary water. The return flight was also delayed over an hour (but there was no mention of the delay at the gate and the flight duration was 30 minutes longer than stated). No apologies just snarky attitudes from the attendants. Those in the "budget seats" were crammed in tight and often reminded over the loud speaker that we were in the "budget" seats. When it was time to disembark the attendant said "get out" over the loud speaker. The mobile app doesn't work properly on an iPhone. I couldn't even check in. I can't say one thing good about the experience.
I have used Spirit several times so far. Each time it gets worst! The tickets are inexpensive but the baggage fees are ridiculous. The seats are very uncomfortable! It was hot on the plane with a lot of babies screaming. The cabin and the laboratory were dirty. It were a very depressing flight. I don't think I will use them again!
Flew to MN for the weekend delayed 3 times on the way there and on the way back twice. On the way home they kept us on runway for an hour deboarded us another hour went by reboarded us and when we were all on they announced that people with connections to Tampa should get off since they were going to miss connection. 2 minutes later announced all passengers with connections to CA should get off as well. They also charged me $100 at the gate for a bag that they did not charge me for on the way there.
They canceled mine and many other passenger's connecting flight from Chicago to New York and I did not receive any explanation until two hours later. They offer you nothing but the chance at a partial refund or a flight two days later. No hotel no food no other transportation. The best they could begrudgingly offer was to live in the airport for two days while I wait for the "next available flight". When you sleep on the cots in the airport they wake you up at 4am sharp and make you clear out. I suspect it's so as few other passengers as possible are aware of the shanty town that needed constructing. I only got 2.5 hours of sleep before getting booted. I was perfectly friendly throughout the entire ordeal and yet every Spirit employee showed overt contempt for the plight brought to Spirit customers by the company's own greed and ineptitude.
I just came off flight 404 from Atlanta to Dallas. It was the most uncomfortable flight I have ever been on. Not only was there no leg room - the cabin was so cold I was shivering just miserable. Not worth it.
Flew from Las Vegas to Denver today. Flight was 2.5 hours late. I asked if they would at least give us a free coke during the flight since we all missed dinner. "Yes" the person scanning our tickets said. But when we were en-route no freebies. Cokes were still $3 Coffee: $2. I think 1 person onboard ordered something. Everyone was too ticked off to give the airline another cent.
This was our first experience with Spirit and probably the last. The flight was scheduled for 10.40 my son arrived early to check in and was told it would be delayed as they were awaiting a part? It was then pushed back further because they were awaiting a crew member so needless to say the flight didn't take off until 1.30. The airline has no regard for its passengers and its not worth the cheaper fares.
Flying home FL to LaGuardia NY (first attempt) was told I would miss my connecting flight in Ft. Lauderdale since the flight coming into Bogota was delayed. They blamed air traffic. When I went home again the next day they made us deplane in Ft Lauderdale go through customs wait for our luggage then bring it to our connecting flight. There was no way to make the connecting flight at all with only an hour between flights. If they knew we had to go through all this why do they offer a flight with times like that we were told we could either get a room at our own expense or sleep at the airport. Be aware of no customer service and be ready to sleep in the airport.
DFW-PHL. No value for money here. Nickel and dimed at every point. This my first and last time on Spirit. You may save an initial $50 but you have to pay to select your seats. I wouldn't pay so my son sat at the other end of the plane. You have to pay for carry on and check in luggage and even any beverages. Never mind that we were delayed both ways. Departing from Philly they couldn't even give us a good reason.
I booked my husband and his brother on a flight from MSP to Dallas. My husband had a small backpack and a small carry on bag - but with wheels. Both would get through okay on Sun Country and Delta - ones we are used to flying. He had to pay $45 to carry his wheeled one on and $100 on the way back. He said he couldn't believe how many people had to pay the $100 bag fee. We will never fly Spirit again. No beverages or snacks complimentary on board.
I have flown with Spirit several times in the past. Although not always a pleasant experience this was by far the worst. I always check in the day before online and print my ticket. However this occasion I was only able to check in. The email that Spirit sent with the ticket would not open or print. So I was left to print it at the airport. Unfortunately a car accident delayed traffic and I was late getting to the airport. I got to the desk 45 minutes before the flight was supposed to take off but because I didn't have a printed boarding pass the customer service representative would not check in my luggage. I was told that the next available flight wouldn't be until two days later. No other airlines or nearby airports were checked for vacancy. The customer representative then proceeded to give me the information for my next flight and began talking to the customer behind me as if I was not standing there. Three other families were in the same situation. I will never be flying with Spirit Airlines again. They certainly live up the their reputation of being the "most complained about airline" and rightly so! They deserve all of their 1/10 stars.
My daughter and I traveled from Philadelphia to Dallas. I was aware of Spirit's policy of paying for only the amenities you are going to use and packed accordingly. Before heading for the airport we checked to make sure our flight was on time and the website indicated the flight was scheduled to leave at 12.15pm as planned. When we arrived at the extremely crowded gate we discovered that the plane we were supposed to fly on was scheduled to fly to Myrtle Beach before returning to Philadelphia to travel to Dallas. The Myrtle Beach flight which was supposed to leave at 7.30am had not departed because the plane had a flat tyre. Spirit had to send to their Atlantic City Facility for a replacement which was an an hour and 15 minutes away. When the replacement arrived the crew discovered that they had brought the wrong tyre so they had to make another 2.5 hour round trip drive to Atlantic. They finally got it right and the 7.30 flight to Myrtle beach finally left at 1.30pm. The plane finally arrived back in Philadelphia and we departed at 5.30pm for our 12.15pm flight: 6 hours late. Instead of arriving at 2.30pm in Dallas we arrived around 8.45pm. When we printed our boarding passes to return to Philly the next day we found that our reservation had been cancelled because we were listed as no shows for the trip from Philly to Dallas. We called Spirit we were told that we were lying and hadn't been on the flight to Dallas. After spending an hour and a half on the phone the staff member agreed to schedule us for our flight to Philly but we would have to present the other half of our boarding pass from the previous flight or be charged again for the full amount of the return trip. When we got to the Spirit desk at the airport we found that other customers had also had their return flight mysteriously cancelled. We eventually boarded the flight back to Philly and arrived on time. I've been flying other airlines for may years and although we have had occasional delays or lost bags we have never experienced this level of rudeness or incompetence. We were offered a fifty dollar voucher for another Spirit flight for our inconvenience which we politely refused since we will never fly Spirit again.
Round trip Myrtle Beach to Boston. Flight in was supposed to arrive at 12.30am but we didn't get in until nearly 3am. The staff seemed to have no clue what they were doing moving children and parents multiple times because of confusion over the emergency row. Flight back was just as frustrating. I booked my flight leaving plenty of time to get to my 10am class yet my 5am flight was delayed again. I asked a staff member why and in very broken English she replied "plane need rest". I very calmly told her that it didn't leave me enough time and began to talk about how my previous flight was also delayed and she put a hand up and shooed me. Staff were rude. You think you're getting a deal and flying cheaper but they nickel and dime you so much that you may as well have paid for the luxury of a more 'competent' airline. Never flying Spirit again.
I'm sitting on the plane waiting for my first Spirit flight to take off. This is by far the worst airline experience I have had and the flight has not even taken off yet! I fly 20-30 times a year - usually on Southwest - and due to timing opted for Spirit for this trip. We first arrive to check-in and we are instructed to use the kiosk to print boarding passes and check our bags. We start using the barely functioning slow as molasses kiosk and it puts 2 bags on one person. First bag is $45 and second bag is $55. So $100. However there were two people checking in so it would've been more economical for us to charge one bag per person ($45 per bag each person = $90). But the system just decides to charge one person $100. Alright we'll just get it fixed with the desk lady. Nope not really! She "can't help". But she can inform us that our carry on bag costs $50 more too. They charge for every bag - carry on and checked plus surcharges for more than one bag. The bag fees are one thing but the fact that they don't communicate their fees in advance and clearly is whole other issue. I have never been through a check-in line being yelled at either. Some Spirit employee was taking it upon herself to bark commands at the customers checking in. If there was the option to rate in negative stars I would!
My flight to Fort Lauderdale (FLL) was delayed over two hours leaving from Puerto Rico because of a controllable human error. My husband ended up missing my connecting flight to Denver. Spirit Airlines failed to provided me with any accommodations other than charging me for an additional two airline tickets. They provided me with a vague customer phone line that leads to nowhere because the voice recorder keeps repeating the same message. Once I was able to get a hold of a representative he acted like he couldn't hear me on the phone. After waiting for more than an hour they told me that they couldn't help me. This airline business practices are not only questionable but unethical. I have been stuck at Fort Lauderdale airport over 12 hours. We are senior citizens and through the course of ten hours we have seen over 3 families with the same issue.
I would never travel with Spirit in the future and would not recommend. I booked my tickets from MSP to TMP (via Chicago) on 25 Aug and the flight was delayed. Everyone was asked to board the flight and after a 1 hr delay sitting on the plane flight attendants told passengers to deboard. After boarding again they asked all passengers traveling to Tampa to deboard again told we could not be put on another flight until 27th Aug. After waiting almost 45 mins I asked for a refund. Staff were very unpleasant.
I will never fly Spirit again. Not only are their staff disgracefully rude but they make false claims about how cheap their fares are. They may not make their money on their flight fares but they make up for it by charging hefty fares for carry on and checked luggage. I recently flew Spirit for an hour long flight. It was the first time I'd flown with them for a while and I was unaware of them charging for a carry on. I had a very small carry on luggage with me and I thought nothing of it until I walked up to board my flight was told by the attendant "young lady step aside." The flight had already been delayed an hour and would cause me to miss my connecting flight. She pointed to another attendant who was even more rude. She told me my bag would cost $100 a bag that could fit under the seat. There was no option but to pay or miss the flight I'd waited an extra hour on. I will never book another flight with the airline again.
My flight was scheduled to leave Atlanta (5.59pm) to Dallas (7.10pm) and Dallas (7.45pm) to my final destination Detroit (11.22pm). Instead my flight from Atlanta was delayed by 1hr for no apparent reason. So arriving in Dallas at around 8.00pm my connecting flight to Detroit had already gone. We (about 15 of us with final destination Detroit) were told to talk to the Spirit concierge at our arrival gate in Dallas in order to get a new ticket issued with final destination Detroit. My new ticket was from Dallas to Kansas to Las Vegas and then to Detroit. Our flight leaving from Dallas to Kansas was delayed again but the concierge told us that we would not have to switch planes because they'd be using the same plane to go to Vegas. I wanted to double check so I asked the flight attendant on board the Dallas to Kansas flight and he told me the same thing and added that actually we would not have to switch planes on the way to our final destination Detroit. I believed him but when we arrived in Las Vegas they told us all to get off the plane and that we were going to use a different plane to Detroit. Our connecting plane to Detroit had already left again because of the delay we incurred in Dallas. It was around 11pm pacific time and the next available flight was schedule for the next day at 8am. This meant we had to spend the night in Vegas which is not necessarily a bad thing but they refused to offer any accommodation whatsoever. I had no choice but to sleep in the airport because this was unplanned! This was my first time flying them and is definitely going to be my last.
I am so disappointed with Spirit Airlines. Not only was my flight to my destination pushed back an hour simply because they were running behind schedule but my flight returning home was as well! This company is in no way efficient or effective. They overcharge for bags and provide nothing complimentary on the flight. Not even one beverage or even peanuts. Moreover even though I checked in only about an hour and a half before the flight they neglected to tell me it was running late causing me to rush to my flight only to find out I have to wait another hour. In all honesty I will never fly with Spirit again.
Flying home from Bogota Colombia to Laguardia (first attempt) was told I would miss my connecting flight in Ft. Lauderdale since the flight coming into Bogota was delayed. (They blamed air traffic). When I went home again the next day they made us deplane in Ft Lauderdale go through customs wait for our luggage then bring it to our connecting flight. There was no way to make the connecting flight at all with only an hour between flights. If they knew we had to go through all this why do they offer a flight with times like that we were told we could either get a room at our own expense or sleep at the airport.
This is the worst airline to fly on. No leg room for standard seating. You have to pay for everything separately and once your finish the cost is much higher. If I could change my ticket to another airline I would. But I will be leaving Florida on Monday 18th August. The 9 dollar club is a joke. Customer service is the awful. This is one customer Spirit has lost. Be aware. You're paying for bad service.
My sister and I also had to pay $50 for a very small carry on at DFW. We traveled to Las Vegas. We had delays going and coming back we were charged $100 for our bags! I can't believe the airlines can get away with this! We felt like we were robbed! Something should be done about this unfair practice! Travelers Beware.
Horrible airline. Minneapolis to Denver. Aug. 13 to Aug. 17 and return trip. 3 hour delay before leaving and 1.5 hour delay before returning. After a 3 hour delay might expect a free complimentary drink but nothing is free on that airline.
Book if you like sleeping in airports. This is a review for my daughter and her friend. Flight from Lima arrived late. Missed connection to Baltimore. Waited 12 hours for next flight only to be told it's overbooked and the next flight is in 3 days. This is after they confirmed the seats for my daughter and her friend. But wait that's not all. They flew another airline home to Reagan National. Next day went to get luggage at BWI surprise surprise luggage lost.
I flew Spirit on my return flight this past weekend and to say the return trip was a disaster is an understatement. Naturally most customers choose Spirit because it "appears" to be more economical. However if you do a true cost comparison with other airlines there is no real savings. They took me out of line and took my ticket and then proceeded to tell me it would be extra $$ for my carry on with wheels it was a standard small size . I paid $100 at the gate like the small wheels makes a big difference less than 30 lbs most airlines it is 50 lbs. I was shocked when I noticed the signs at the gate which charged $100 for a standard carry-on this was simply incredulous! Like thieves the only thing missing was the gate person using a gun to rob you! Once on board I did not realize the seats did not recline very uncomfortable for a flight. You have to purchase standard items water and soda? Next thing for Spirit will probably charge you to go to the bathroom and only if the army sergeant stewardess would allow it? You have to pay extra for any common courtesies. The stewardess announced over the speaker that only 9 people had to pay extra $$ she made it sound like Spirit was doing us a favor by charging us extra $$$ and allowing us to fly with them. Do not fly Spirit. You do not save any money when you add in the normal courtesies.
Spirit Airlines was horrible in the following ways: extremely poor flight trip extremely poor timing (I waited 6 hours for my flight) staff were very unpleasant with their services and most of all very poor planning.
Flight 142 on 2 Aug and Flight 145 9 Aug. All the years that I traveled with so many different airlines I have never had this type of service and other added costs. You want water a soft drink or anything you have to pay. I made a reservation for a low cost trip from Dominican Republic to Fort Lauderdale assumed cost of the plane travel was low. Now comes the additional cost of luggage for any bag under 40 lb you pay $50 anything over that $100 carry-on $50 computer bags and other handbags $50 if its more than 18 inches high. Here is the catch I was traveling with another person that had a computer bag the same as mine he was able to go through at no cost.
I've flown Spirit a few times and although it is not my favorite it has sufficed because the flights are not that expensive. Today however was a completely different story. As we are pulling out of the gate (20 minutes late) the flight attendant tells us that the belt that carries the bags to the plane has broken so all of our bags couldn't get on the plane but reassures us they will be flown on another aircraft. Once I arrive at my destination I see that I and 85% of the people on my flight had no luggage. Once confronting Spirit about the problem the workers moved very slow and showed no sympathy or care for the problem. They could care less whether I got my bags or not. Most people on my flight had a connecting flight some where else but had no bags to make that happen. I got no guarantee about when I would receive my luggage so now I sit here with hardly any clothes or a toothbrush and do not know when I will have them.
Absolutely the worst run airline in the world. Cheap fares are good only as far as the airline can deliver good service. This airline has failed on every front. The fare structure is just slightly cheaper than Southwest and much less flexible. In my case to save a few dollars I booked on Spirit to Detroit from Houston. The aircraft was dirty the employees were unhelpful and the landings weren't that good. Low fare = low service and low quality at Spirit.
Spirit is the biggest rip off. They sell you a cheap ticket and then you have to pay for everything else. $50 for the first bag and also for the bag that goes in the overhead compartment too. They charge for your seat. The website is terrible and you cannot find a phone number to call and speak to someone to get help. I just cancelled my $9 club fee and my Spirit Airline card. I recommend everyone to use Southwest Airlines. They allow you 2 free check bags and one carry on. And you don't have to pay for the seat you sit in. I just saved $360 in baggage fees and seat fees compared to Spirit. They also give you snacks and a free non-alcoholic beverage.
I am done with this airline. My last few flights with them were delayed hours on end (1 hour and 8 hour delay due to mechanical failure one 6 hour delay supposedly due to weather though all other flights coming from the area my flight was on time another 2.5 hour delay for mechanical issues). The managers are rude and the customer service is non-existent. I would not fly with Spirit again if they gave me a ticket. I told them they need to change the name of their airline to Misery because that is what you have to go through time and again.
This airline offers a low teaser rate and then overcharges the naive 1st time flyer by various deceptive means. They are trying to stick me with a charge of $295 for a trip I could have made on any reputable airline for $180. I was socked $50 for carry on at airport but told by agent If I had prepaid it would have been less. The night before my return I tried to register on their site and had to pay $36 for baggage +fee for boarding pass $9.00 membership fee. Flight was hr late coming and 30 mins late on return. I would never fly with them again.
We booked a flight from Ft. Lauderdale to La Guardia and arrived an hour early. We tried to check in using the self serve kiosk which malfunctioned 3 times. When it finally took our information it printed a time stamped slip that said we needed to see an agent. Our slip was time stamped at 6.20 am and our flight departed at 7.04 am. When we finally found an attendant she was not helpful rude and directed us to a long line of angry customers. After waiting in line the agent informed us that Spirit "closes" flights 45 minutes prior to departure and that our time stamped slip was 1 minute past their "cut off". We explained that the kiosks had malfunctioned 3 times causing our delay and that we had arrived an hour early. She had absolutely no regard for our situation was extremely rude and unwilling to take any responsibility for their equipment causing our delays. We asked for a supervisor which took 40 minutes. The supervisor told us the best she could do was charge us well over $200 more per ticket to book us on the next flight almost 6 hrs later! We couldn't wait the six hours and asked for a refund when told that other airlines had earlier flights. We went to JetBlue where we had a completely different experience as soon as we walked in. They were extremely friendly apologized for our experience (which Spirit never did) and booked us on an earlier flight. Due to the situation and having to book new flights at the last minute prices were much higher than if we would have just booked with them to begin with. If you're considering this airline because of the attractive pricing believe me it's not worth the hassle!
Worst experience I've had with an airline. I thought I was getting a good deal for price but did not expect to be charged for carry-on's $50 a piece! So in the end flight is not cheaper than other airlines. In addition flight was cancelled in Chicago (flying from Oakland CA to Mlps MN). I ended up driving with 3 others on the Spirit flight from Chicago to MINN. We were told they would reimburse leg we did not take but have not heard anything from them regarding this and its been a week! Now waiting for my return flight home and both planes have been delayed (out of MN and Chicago) and likely I will be stuck in Chicago again. Would never take this airline again.
Worst airline! 2 hour delay leaving Houston arrived in Vegas at almost 2 am and still had to wait almost 30 minutes before bags were available. Horrible very inconsiderate of customers.
I have absolutely no intentions of flying with Spirit Airlines in the future. Yes the price was much better than other airlines however the overall trip was not worth it. I should have changed my mind after I saw their website. It looked like something my 2nd grader did for a class project. The site did not include a phone number either. I had to get the number through CheapoAir which is the site through which I booked the trip. The seats did not recline (not even an inch). Those 'big seats' they mention are only a little larger than the average seat. The food selection was very limited and costly ($3 for water). $50 for checked or carry-on (yes you have to pay for a carry-on). This is $50 both ways. I will admit the crew were very funny and nice. But not funny enough to get me to fly with them again. By the way my trip was from Philadelphia to Dallas.
By far the worst flight experience I ever had. The service was terrible. The seats are great if you are no bigger than 3 by 2 feet. It was so uncomfortable I am 5"6 and I barely had any leg room I could barely fit a purse between my legs. Good airlines at least give complimentary drinks we had to pay 3 dollars for a mini water bottle! There were no magazines and my row did not get sick bags. The worst however is that Spirit only allows you to bring one carry on and any extra will be an extra charge of 100 dollars on the spot! The ticket price was only a bit cheaper than others but the quality was a huge difference everything looked like it was much cheaper!
I have flown Spirit for many years always taking my handbag and a small backpack on board. This was never a problem. On a recent trip I was told that my handbag was a separate item and that there would be a charge of $50 to take my backpack (or handbag!) on the plane. Enough with the nickel and diming! I will never fly this airline again.
Flight #310 - LAX to Ft. Lauderdale 8/2/14. If I could give them 0/10 I would. Simply awful airline. There is a reason they are this cheap. Terrible incompetent personnel. They don't care about their customers. Made is sit in the airport for over 10 hours then cancelled the follow on flight. Refused to pay for our accommodation then nickel and dimed us for even the cab to a hotel.
Spirit Airlines is of course the budget carrier in the US however I was slightly unaware when I booked through cheaptickets just how budget it was. The plane tickets were a few hundred dollars less for our international trip however we were charged to check our bags. We had to pay forty dollars per bag to get them to our destination and then on the way home we had to pay forty dollars a bag twice because Spirit decided the last flight of our trip home (same city we departed from) was a separate trip and we would have to pay a second time to get our bags all the way home. Couple this with the fact that they did not allow any online check in so we had to be at the airport two hours early as well as the fact that you do not even receive a seat assignment when purchasing a ticket you are basically a standby passenger. You have to buy seats just to sit with the person you are travelling with then if you don't want your knees jammed into the person in front of you you have to pay for a larger seat as well. Coming back from Peru we were not allowed to bring our own water on the plane and Spirit is the only carrier that charges for water so on a 6 hour flight we were only allowed to drink water if we purchased it from Spirit. After all was said and done the additional costs more than balanced out any savings we received at the beginning and we had a fair longer flight time and itinerary do to it originally "saving us money". No TVs or entertainment so you better have something on your laptop or phone although there will be nowhere to fit it on the plane and carry on baggage costs more than checked.
BWI to Cancun with a stop in Ft. Lauderdale return. They nickel and dime customers even checking in at the airport cost money. They charge for everything except a purse size personal item. Not even a cup of water. Seats don't recline and they say so they can add more seats to keep fares low but they are not low even higher than others after you pay all the fees. Flights were delayed attendants were ok but some were very rude. The checked bag can't be over 40lbs which is 10 less than other airlines. I will never travel this airline again.
I flew Spirit for the first time this past weekend and to say the trip was a disaster is an understatement. Naturally most customers choose Spirit because it "appears" to be more economical. However if you do a true cost comparison with other airlines there is no real savings. I paid $47 to check a bag was told that it just barely made the weight allowance - 40lbs most airlines it is 50 lbs. I was shocked when I noticed the signs at the gate which charged $100 for a carry-on this was simply incredulous! Once on board did not realize the seats do not recline very uncomfortable for a flight across the country. You have to purchase standard items water and soda? You have to pay to select your seat and pay to have your boarding pass printed. My luggage was lost and at this current time they still don't know where it is located - 24 hours later. I checked it at the ticket counter after paying $42 please note that it was 5 bucks less because I added the bag online for my return. The representative that filed the loss luggage claim even commented that Spirit always has problems. Do not fly Spirit.
Absolutely terrible airline like riding a ragged city bus in the sky. Uncomfortable seats no leg room and rattled more than any other plane I've experienced. Extra fees everywhere. We booked a month in advance and were told they could not check us in because cut off had passed by 2 minutes after they had us standing in line for over 20 minutes. We had to wait 6 six hours for another flight. Ft. Lauderdale Airport is some what responsible as well their facility is a disaster. Spend a little extra and go with an airline that doesn't have hidden fees and pathetic customer service at every turn. They will never get another penny from our family.
Unless the traveler is truly desperate for the very lowest fare and can fit into a very small seat and carry only one "personal item" the bag and seat fees add up so fast that we ended up paying about the same as for larger and more efficiently run airlines. The airline staff on the ground and in the air appeared overburdened and exhausted. I will say the flight crew did seem alert and chipper. Even if I could have avoided the additional fees it would not have been worth the poor service cumbersome website awkward information interface and ineffective communications. The final indignation was that several hours after having moved our departure to a different gate on the concourse someone had neglected to notify the push-away cart of the change. This dropped ball resulted in a completely avoidable further twenty minute delay while we sat on the aircraft waiting for it to get to the new gate to push our aircraft away from the gate. We had already determined that we would not fly this airline again but this experience really was the last straw. It's too bad - Southwest has figured out how to keep fares a little more reasonable and they do it with flair.
We were delayed 2 hours because of "mandatory crew rest" from Portland to Las Vegas. Endless amounts of hidden fees around $200 just on luggage. Delayed on our way back from Las Vegas to Portland. We sat on the plane for a good 45 minutes before it actually took off. Awful customer service. No complimentary drinks not even water. Would not recommend Spirit to anyone.
We booked a trip to Chicago for June 23rd. When it was time to check in and print the boarding pass that's when we found out about all the extra charges. They not only charge you for a checked bag $40 per bag but charged $45 for our checked bag. We paid $25 to pick out each seat. If we hadn't done this online our boarding pass baggage check would've cost $100 each. On the return trip they tried to charge me $25 extra because they said my checked bag was overweight. Funny because there was nothing more in it that when I started the trip. The flight ended up costing $270 more than the cost of tickets. I had an unstable person behind me that dug his knees into my back for the entire trip. My flight cost $1065. with all the extra charges when initially I paid $796. for 2 round trip tickets. Never fly Spirit! You can't even get a glass of water without paying for it.
We booked a four-day trip to NYC. Got to the counter 45 minutes before flight. We couldn't print tickets at home and had trouble at the kiosk so our first surprise was $10 print fee per boarding pass. Second surprise was $47.50 for my husband's checked bag. Even though I had a carry-on the agent didn't mention there was a charge for this. We got a new employee who was training and it took her forever to process the boarding pass printing and checked bag. As we were walking away she said she forgot to charge us for the bag. She asked a co-worker how to call the gate because she didn't know how. I went ahead to the gate while my husband stayed to pay. About 15 minutes later I was called back to the counter. She had taken so long that the system released our tickets and they were given to standby customers. Even though it was 15 minutes before the flight we were told there was nothing they could do. There were already people in our seats. To make a long story short we spent over an hour trying to figure out all our options including buying new tickets on other airlines. The tickets on other airlines were too costly on short notice so we ended flying to Philadelphia on Spirit 7 hours later. Her error cost us an extra $115 for the train from Philly to NY. On our flight to Philly we learnt that I would also have to pay $50 for my carry-on. As we were boarding we were stopped because my boarding pass didn't show we paid for my carry-on. Even after we handed the gate agent our receipt for $97.50 for two bags she was still telling us the system didn't show we paid. Then she said I owed an additional $16. When we asked to speak to a supervisor he let us through. The additional baggage fees are ridiculous. These prices are so far off the industry standard that they should post the prices as part of the check out so the customer knows all fees up front.
Flight out of Las Vegas was supposed to leave at 9pm Sunday night to arrive in Oakland (1 hour flight) at 11.05pm. With flight delays false starting down the runway and delay in being able to open the door final landing time is still to be determined considering we are still on the plane in Oakland at 4.06 am. The attendants are completely unapologetic and seem frustrated. What they don't realize is that we have been at the airport since 8pm and it is now 4am.
Spirit Airlines is nothing but a rip off organization with excessive carry-on baggage fees of $45 per flight and arbitrary changes to the schedule which include 12 hours of flight time and three or more stops. I'll never use this airline again.
Flight 903 July 29 2014 8.10 departure ORD to DFW. Not to mention the flight was an hour and a half late. The check-in procedure was no procedure at all. One entire section of kiosks were out of order. When you finally found one that worked upon checking in paying for your bag securing a seat for more money a line of 150 people were waiting for a bag tag. Now the instructions at the kiosk were to go to the express bag check which was left vacant with no attendant. There were three gate agents doing nothing but putting tags on bags which took one hour. Thank goodness the flight was late. Oh the instructions for this procedure were hand written and taped to the back of another sign which were holding the aisle separation bands. How long should it take to put on a tag? All passengers had already secured the boarding pass paid for the bags and hopefully pre-weighed them at home to make sure they did not exceed 40 lbs.
Though the base fare was the lowest and the flight time/schedule good the "nickle and dime" approach to basics (carry on snack water/beverage seat selection - for seats that don't recline at all too) along with the impatient attitude of the gate staff and flight attendants made for an unpleasant and actually more expensive experience. In addition the plane was not cleaned between flights (wrappers etc. in the seat back and crumbs all over the floor and seats). I was also disappointed in the website having to login or sign up just to get the flight status for example and that it doesn't offer any option to "contact us."
If I could give this airline zero stars I would. When initially booking our trip Spirit beat the competitor by only a few dollars but what I didn't know was that when you arrived at the airport with a very tiny carry on bag they would charge you 50 dollars! It doesn't stop there when I received my itinerary on my phone and tried to check in online the website recommended early check in because in some cases having to talk with an attendant would cost 10 more dollars! Once we finally got on the plane the cheapest thing on the drink and food menu was coffee at the outrageous price of 2 dollars. Mixed nuts and a soft drink (free on every flight I have ever taken) were 5 dollars. The seats on the plane were the smallest I have seen. Stay far away from Spirit.
We probably will never fly this airline again. We were delayed due to weather. We would miss our connection and the airline could not do anything about that. They cannot book you on another airline (they just don't do that and other airlines do though). Because we opted not to fly out because we were going to our connection they could not get us anywhere else. The plane only flew out of PHL 3 times a day there are no other alternatives if you miss your flight or if your flight is delayed. They finally found us a plane out but it was 5 days later (what did they expect us to do? Camp out at the airport until then?). They told us our only alternative was to take that ticket or get a refund. Needless to say we took the refund and flew out on another airline. Also their luggage check fee is $40 each way - a lot more than any other airline. So where are the savings? Speaking in favor of the airline: their seats are comfy and you have leg room not cramped and it is sort of nice not having the attendants run up and down the aisle announcing drinks etc. They simply don't serve at all! They were very cordial at PHL even though they could not help us - it wasn't their fault the planes were delayed.
You think you're getting a great deal on flights until the night before when you go to check in. There you find that you have to pay $45 to carry on a bag both to and from per person. Not only that but hopefully you have a printer on hand because if you have to print at the airport it's an additional $10 per ticket. That doesn't seem like much of a deal to me. In the end we could have traveled with a more spacious airline without all the hassle and without an unexpected $180 charge.
7/17 Cancun to Fort Lauderdale supposed to depart around 4pm. Delayed to 7 then delayed to 8 then 9 then around 8pm they just canceled it. They then proceeded to put us on a flight 22 hours later and refused to pay for our hotels. My friends and I ended up staying the night at the airport which was terrible. The next day when we went to check in the staff simply refused to serve us. When finally they decided to serve us we were told that our connecting flight would be 10 hours after we landed in Fort Lauderdale which was a complete surprise to us. We tried to ask if they can put us on the regular flight that day which would go to our destination after Fort Lauderdale but they said it was overbooked. Do not be fooled by their cheaper ticket price. In the end it will not actually be cheaper. Avoid them at all cost.
Had a round-trip flight for my minor son (16) booked to Atlantic City went to get a guest pass to take to gate woman at ticket counter was rude but gave me the pass. Went out to gate and was told by rude agent at gate that plane would be 2hrs late because of weather even though weather map showed no storms. On return flight went to pick my son up and went to ticket counter and was told they do not issue guest passes to pick up minors had to argue with sales agent and finally told her my son was handicapped and she gave me a pass. Went to TSA supervisor and told him he said there is no reason for them not to issue gate pass to pick up minors and to let the Spirit agent call him to verify. Went back to spirit airline agent and she would not call and just kept arguing with me that TSA would not let them issue passes.
We booked a one way flight from Lima Peru to Denver Colorado. The price was okay and I do like the idea of paying for only what you use i.e. checked bags or carry on bags. However in our situation we have two stops in the US one in Fort Lauderdale and the other in Chicago since we will be changing planes in Chicago Spirit is charging us again for our extra bags. So now we have to pay for our checked bags twice even though we are on the same airlines and our flight to Chicago is a connecting flight to Denver. Also be sure to read all about the bag weights and size restrictions. We just had a wonderful surprise that we are only allowed one bag at 40lbs from Peru. The "Customer Service" agent at Spirit told me it's a limitation at the Lima airport. Which is false other Airlines allow customer two bags each. Imagine moving from Peru with only one checked bag. I really wish I would have read some of these reviews before booking Spirit never again will I fly Spirit.
Spirit Airlines is not the best choice to travel when you are returning or visiting Jamaica or anywhere in particular. The forty pounds restrictions for fifty plus dollars and seating is a crime. The hassle and stress one has to go through just to be safe with your weights is not worth your time neither are you saving one penny. Cheapest airline should not be associated with Spirit Airlines. Their adds are misleading. Their Customer Service is also sloppy. I corrected my misspelled name before I took my trip only to be told my name was not associated with my account and therefore could not access my account to pay for my baggage before check in time on my return. The fear of having to pay $100.00 per baggage at the counter had me going to the airport hours in advance only to wait until check in time then to be told their system was down and could not process my debit card. This process took me over an hour huffing and puffing to my gate with the extra clothes I had to put on because I was ten pounds overweight. This was my last flight and I will encourage whomever returning to Jamaica to take another airline. I could not take back much because of my experience. Shame on you Spirit Airlines!
We traveled from San Francisco to Las Vegas July 13 coming back July 16. Spirit charged us $50 per carry on baggage each way. The cabin both ways were not quite clean. I can see almost all others reviews state the same. It's hard to believe they can stay in business. We will never fly with Spirit Airlines again.
This is the worst airline I have flown. My flight was a round trip from LAX to Fort Lauderdale Florida and back. The baggage fee are ridiculous. They are very careful to make sure that your bag is not over sized. I had no problem checking out of LAX but when I was ready to return home with the same baggage they said my bag was too big. I spent more than 45 minutes trying to communicate with someone who could barely speak English. I then ask to speak to a supervisor. After waiting another five minutes the supervisor finally came to the phone and would not even offer a discount. Had I known that I was going to be charged for a carry on I would have rearranged my luggage and put my so called carry-on with my checked in luggage. The employees were great at check in but the customer service department is very poor. I did pay the extra $50 but this airline will never get another penny from this family.
My first time with Spirit. I will start off saying $50 for a carry on? That's ridiculous. The "free" carry on has to be like a kids size. The normal charge is $47 each if it's under 50lbs. Not sure how other airlines work but that is expensive to me. Anyway we had been delayed for an hour due to "weather" and while in the sky we had to take an extra 45min route. That totalled up to 1hr and 45mins extra. Lets talk about the plane now: it was so loud! The seats are uncomfortable. There is no movies or any wifi and you must pay for all snacks. This includes everything (drinks too) they do not take cash credit/debit only. The staff were nice but the airline is not worth it. You end up spending the same as a "normal" airline.
This is the worst airline I have flown. My flight was a round trip from LAX to Fort Lauderdale Florida and back. The baggage fees are ridiculous. They are very careful to make sure that your bag is not over sized to the inch degree. I had no problem checking out of LAX but when I was ready to return home with the same baggage they said my bag was too big. I spent more than 45 minutes trying to communicate with someone who could barely speak English. I then ask to speak to a supervisor. After waiting another five minutes the supervisor finally came to the phone and would not even offer a discount. Had I known that I was going to be charge for a carry on I would have rearranged my luggage and put my so called carry-on with my checked-in luggage. The employees were great at check in but the customer service department sucks. I did pay the extra $50.00 but this airline will never get another Penny from this family along with others who flew with us. The saving is not worth the trouble. Buyer (Flyer) beware!
Spirit got me from A to B on time and without incident. In that respect they did well. I was a little miffed at the carry on policy though my average sized laptop didn't fit in any bag that met the size for a free personal item so I ended up borrowing one from a family member to avoid paying the carry on fee. I think the ultimate problem with Spirit is that while they are cheaper than the competition they still aren't cheap. If everyone got tickets for $10 round-trip as you sometimes can in Europe nobody would complain about the fees. But most people are still paying a couple hundred bucks just for the ticket and it feels like that ought to buy you something besides transportation. Spirit saved me money and ultimately carried out its job and I can't say I'd never fly them again. But given the hoops you have to jump through I'd probably want them to save me more money than they did this time before I went back.
I knew that this was a no-frills airline and expected to have a sub-performance level of service but I bought tickets anyway thinking that saving $50 was worth the try. Like another customer's posting I thought I could bring at least one bag on board but in the end I had to pay. So much for saving money on this airline.
This was my first and my last experience with Spirit Airlines. I had scraped and saved for this trip to attend a family wedding a long time and do not have "extra" money to be spending so saving money was a big priority and only reason I flew with Spirit . I was told that Spirit charged extra for everything but that you were allowed to bring 1 carry on for free. When I finally printed my boarding pass after dealing with a very user unfriendly website the was an option for carry on or bag. I wasn't bringing a bag and I thought it referred to an extra carry on I didn't mark anything and printed the boarding pass. After getting through security and getting to the gate I hear the representative saying several times about only 1 personal item allowed on board so I asked him If I was not allowed to bring my carry on and he said "you have to pay for it" I asked "how much"? I was told $100. They just billed my credit card and gave me another boarding pass. That was not all not only was that fee outrageous but your beverage fees are excessive as well. Those "deals" don't benefit anyone but the airline.
15 July flight 457. Waited over 30 min for a gate. Check-in was slow and staff left the counter routinely for other unrelated work activities. Seat broke and headrest would not adjust. Not worth the $50 I saved myself.
Prices matched all other flights after you factor in the price of luggage and choosing your seats really? I also love how they advertise "big seats for a price" there were 4 "big" seats. Flight delays both ways with no apparent reason given. One delay was a 4 hour delay! It was already a red eye and a flight going to Ft Lauderdale at 1am was on time while we had to continue waiting for 1 hour. Departure time is more like boarding time (actually it's earlier). Took almost 1 hour to receive our baggage. Terrible customer service. Leg room was claustrophobic. I do not think the seat space could get any smaller. Seats do not recline. No wifi no TV's or movies on a 5-6 hour flight. We have to pay for water! Will never be a repeat customer.
My daughter had to fly back to LaGuardia Airport she calls me to let me know the flight was delayed 40 minutes ok delays are to be expected she finally boards 1 hr later and sits for 2 hrs saying there was a delay by traffic control 1/2 an hour later they head back to the gate where they have to get off on the runway. When passengers asked when is the next flight they were told to go inside they don't know. When everyone was back at the gate they were told there will be no flights out they would have to wait until Wednesday (this was Monday) to fly out again. I had to scrabble at 11.30 pm (flight was to arrive at 9.05 pm) to get her a flight with another airline.
In my opinion it is better to fly with an airline that charges you more upfront. At least you know what you are getting up front. The flight was ok but by after paying for luggage I could have flown with another airline. I've never flown with an airline that nickle and dimes you at every turn charging for non-alcoholic beverages really? They do not offer any conveniences that one is accustomed to with other airlines. To add insult to injury when my bags that I paid $40.00/bag to check got relocated the agents in the Ft. Lauderdale baggage claim airport office offered little to no help. I'm not suggesting that one forgoes flying with Spirit but I never will again.
Book my ticket a month ahead two hours before departure my flight was canceled due to "weather" in NY. Complete nonsense other flights flew out just fine and the weather was fine as well. Could not put me on a different flight I canceled my flight over the phone. The most ridiculous experience ever! P.S. I frequently fly MIA or FLL to LGA or JFK.
I was on a flight from JFK. The flight at the gate before us was delayed 4 hours because of some mechanical problems with the plane so when our plane arrived that group took our plane which was fine we were assured their plane would be ready for us in no time. The plane wasn't ready for 5 hours and when we finally got on the runway we had to go back because some paperwork was filed incorrectly. That took another 3.5 hours. When we finally made it out again we were told that we had to be in the air in 30 min or the crew would time out and we would have to fly out tomorrow. We didn't make it and the crew was timed out. Spirit didn't even give us a free flight because they then said that the flight was cancelled due to weather and not because the crew timed out.
Zero customer service. Plane delayed due to weather (DFW to Cancun). Weather got better-all other airlines were taking off and landing. Plane was then canceled after we boarded because the plane would not be able to make their flight back to Florida if they took us to Cancun. We were given a standard letter apologizing due to weather which was a lie. The pilot announced the real reason - not being able to return to Florida on time. It was not weather. They were more concerned about future flights in Florida than current flight-all boarded! Our first time and our last.
After looking at reviews it appears most everyone has the same complaint - the baggage fees are as much as the plane ticket. Hard uncomfortable seats. Had to pay almost twice as much baggage fees coming from the Dominican Republic (in addition to paying a government fee to enter the country). To have to pay for water after paying for a ticket and those baggage fees shameful. I don't think we will ever fly Spirit again. We applied for a c card in order to get free miles. We are going to cancel the credit card.
My son got us tickets on Spirit because he thought it was the up and coming low fare airline. He didn't know what he was getting my into! Obviously he was uninformed but he is now. First impression: signed in for boarding pass (didn't have to pay $10) and message came up that we had to pay $50 for each carryon and we each had one so that was $100 that we did not expect on our carefully budgeted trip. I was fortunate to get a cup of water for my medication before we took off. One of our seatmates said she was on a flight where a lady needed medication and they wanted her to pay for water. By the way water is not a complimentary item. For a budget airline we are subsidizing their cheap fare policy so I'll take the airline that at least I can feel comfortable on for an extra $100 which is usually Southwest and they have lots of complimentary juice water and soda. They won't lure me with anything.
Atlanta to Atlantic City. 7/12/14. They should rename this airline "Nickel Dime Airline" because that is about all the service is worth and that's all they do from the moment you book a flight - attempt to extort more and more money out of you. I'm surprised they don't sell passengers packets of toilet paper as you enter their very dirty smelly on-board rest room. Spirit's excuse is that it's a "budget" airline. But by the time they are finished with all the add-on costs a ticket that started out at a good (but really not rock-bottom) price usually ends up costing more than one on a non-budget airline - where you'll have bigger seats cleaner restrooms and a less confounding experience all around.
Never again! Our flight from LAX to Dallas Fort Worth was 2 hours late. When we boarded the plane the attendant that you usually see greeting you was busy on their phone. The attendant before take off checked the overhead compartment while sighing as if she didn't want to be there. The attendants were overall unpleasant. When we left Dallas Fort Worth to LAX we received the same greeting. The flight was an early morning 6.20 departure and I realize everyone is very tired in the morning and that perhaps the passengers have the right to sleep during the fight but I certainly don't think that the flight attendant should be sleeping in their seat at the back of the plane. My luggage is in Las Vegas and I am 4 hours North of LAX. The seats on the plane so small need not recline back. So uncomfortable! When I booked this flight I was excited that I had found airfare for family of 4 at such a low price now I know why! I think what bothers me the most is that the attendants weren't very attentive and we're too busy with their social media to be bothered by the passengers.
Flight 719 on Wednesday May 28th. I tried to fly on Spirit between Denver and Las Vegas but the flight was canceled because of the absence of the crew. We spent one hour inside the aircraft itself waiting for them and finally we had to spend the night at Denver airport after 5 hours waiting at the front desk to get a solution for the next day (with another company hopefully). The quality of the service was very poor. In addition I was flying with a 7-month baby.
The total cost after paying all the fees was comparable to other airlines so no real big saving with Spirit. Never flew Spirit and thought I'd give it a try. My flight to Oregon didn't happen because of mechanical failure (so cannot comment on in-flight experience) instead they would fly me from Pennsylvania to Texas tonight (Friday) then to New Jersey overnight and then depart for Vegas early Saturday morning. I would have 1.5 days in Vegas before getting on a flight to Oregon early Sunday evening. All of this "at no additional charge" said the clerk. They did not offer a hotel room in Vegas at no additional charge. My experiment blew up before getting off the ground their business model has a lot of room for improvement and I will not be booking with Spirit ever again. My weekend with my children was ruined.
My husband and myself flew Spirit Airlines round-trip DFW to BWI in mid April. The first leg of the trip was fine the return trip out of BWI was delayed by 4+ hours as others have said it would have been nice to have a "free" soda onboard. They did give us a free $50 coupon for future travel but it had to be used in 30 days not a good deal. My daughter had the same trip in May same problem delayed out of BWI for hours! No free I'm sorry for the delay offer of anything. My son and family (with 14 month old) had the same trip out of BWI and was delayed 7+ hours.
I was travelling from Houston to Vegas. I was allowed a carry on item inside the aircraft and was not informed that the carry on item was out of specification. With the same mindset I was boarding my flight from Vegas and I was asked to pay $100 for the same bag which was within specification at Houston. I was not surprised as much by their inconsistent policy abiding attitude as much as I was by their rude staff. It was like they were trained to be rude. Luckily I had a big paper bag where I could easily transfer my items and that's how a dodged the $100 extortion amount. I was definitely not ready to pay $100 for a bag that costs $40. I for one will never fly this airline again. Their "cheap flights" are nothing but more expense in disguise.
This is one of the worst airlines that is flying in the USA flight 912 from Orlando was delayed twice customer service was called to find out the problem and was told that they had to do a lightning strike inspection. I can understand the safety aspect of this but to not offer any compensation to passengers that had been told to be at the gate one hour before the original schedule is very unreal. Will not recommend that anyone fly this airline.
My boyfriend and I went to Fort Lauderdale last week from Boston. You think you are getting a great deal but once you get there they whack you with every luggage fee they possibly can. Don't think it's like every other airline and it's a 50lb max for checked luggage. No it's 40 and they will charge you for every pound over! They charge you for every soda/water and food that you get. To top it all off everything we saw said credit/debit only for food and drink. After a long wait we finally ordered two waters and were unable to buy them because the lady said it was cash only because the credit card machine was down. Fast forwarding to our flight home. We got to the airport 2.5 hours early. Sat in a Spirit check in line that was at least 100 people long with only one line open for check in and security. I honestly do not know if it was the airport or just spirit but needless to say we showed up to the gate at 9.22 when our flight was scheduled for 9.26 and the door was shut. They were so unhelpful in the situation I was shocked! When we asked when the next flight was it was not until 8.30 that night! We bought another flight for Delta.
Terrible. One word to sum up Spirit airlines. The baggage fees are outrageous and the online baggage check never works so you have to pay at the airport. My wife waited in line because the online check in didn't work missed her flight and was told to return the next day at 11. The never said 11pm. So she arrived at the airport and got all the way through security before anyone noticed her flight wasn't schedule for another 12 hours. This airline has the worst service worst pricing worst fees smallest seats and the worst most unprofessional website I have ever seen. I wouldn't fly on this airline if it were free.
We flew from OAK to Las Vegas 6/27/14. I was fully aware of their add on fees for everything so I won't be complaining about that. I have never flown Spirit so thought we would save some money but also worried that it was some type of chicken coup carrying fly by night airline and unfortunately it is. Not to mention I had 2 other couples with me and recommended Spirit to them. Now I understand there can be mechanical issues with planes but how it was handled was just horrible! Flight to leave at 2.10pm pilot comes on "Ladies & Gentleman we need our mechanic to sign off on a repair should be 5-10 minutes". "Ladies & Gentlemen we can't find the mechanic and need to deplane should be 45 minutes". 2 hours later "we still can't find the mechanic" then - "we found the mechanic and he will be here in an hour". It's now about 4pm. "The mechanic is here and working on it" "the plane is fixed" "the plane is not fixed" now it's 6pm and they say "the plane is fixed and we will be boarding soon". Happy Roars from the crowd at Gate 5. 8 pm "we are sorry to say the plane is fixed but the pilots have timed out and we have no other pilots". No ground crew no extra pilots just insane. Comedy of errors lies/misinformation no management no help getting new flights on other airlines and on and on. We rushed to get our bags and I literally had to go behind the counter to help and grab my bags and run to a real airline and overpay for two one way tickets to Vegas. The absolute worst customer service. They only offered a lousy $50 voucher for our next flight which I am sure they know will never be used.
DFW to Boston on Sunday June 29. Flight 254. Will never fly this airline again! As mentioned previously they charge you for everything. You are not getting a good deal with this airline the prices are very deceiving! I was shocked when the airline was going to charge me $25 at check in because my luggage was 45 lbs. I told them that I am under the max capacity. Well at Spirit 40lbs is their max for weight. What can a person pack for under 40lbs? In addition the plane was dirty. The leather on the seats was fading which gave the aircraft a dirty feel. I'm so used to flying Southwest and will continue with Southwest.
This is my first and will be my only experience with Spirit Airlines. I flew from Houston IAH to Orlando and when I arrived at the ticketing counter in Houston after I stood in line for 10 minutes told me that if the agent had to print off my ticket it would be $15 but that I could do it for free at the ticket kiosk. After I left line waited for a kiosk printed my ticket returned to line I was stunned to discover that Spirit Airlines charges a $45 fee for checked luggage and $50 for carry-on luggage. After paying this egregious amount they told me that my bag was 5 pounds overweight. When I finally reached the gate boarded the plane and began pulling away from the gate they informed us that there were problems with the plane's navigational system and we would have to return to the gate but it would only take a few minutes to correct. Long story short after the navigational system was fixed the plane's toilet malfunctioned. 2.5 hours later we were still at the gate. To soothe irate passengers they began passing out cookies. But they only had enough for less than half of the passengers. If you were in the 1/3 section of the rear of the plane where I was you didn't get a cookie. No complementary drinks either. They finally told us that we would have to deplane and return to the terminal. We didn't leave Houston until 3 hours after the scheduled departure time. The seats don't recline. Learn from my mistake don't fly Spirit Airlines.
2 weeks ago I flew from Houston TX to Detroit MI. Upon checking in at the front gate I was informed that even though I was active duty military personnel I still had to pay for my baggage. I have been serving our country for 6 years and I never had to pay for my baggage however I was informed Spirit Airlines is the only airliner that does not honor the military incentive. After I paid $200 for my baggage I proceeded to my flight which was 45 mins late with no valid explanation. When I arrived in Detroit I waited 1 hr to receive my bags from the baggage claim. On my return flight once again I had to pay for my baggagebut I was forced to leave some things behind and return with 1 bag due to the baggage fees and the flight was late again. I usually don't write reviews but I was very dissatisfied with the service and the way Spirit Airlines conducts operations. I do not believe that I will ever use this airliner again or recommend their service to anyone.
Worst airline we have ever flown on. You think you are getting a fairly cheap flight which was only an hour flight from Vegas to San Diego. We had one check in bag and two carry on bags cost us $300. We were told to get on line and check our luggage 24 hours before our flight when we went to do so there was no way we could get on to do this. You had to create an account and enter a password which we did not have so you have to request one and was never sent to us so no way to contact. So we start trying to call the airline absolutely no way to get through. This airline is not only a rip off but the staff is rude and after paying a total of $550 dollars for an hour flight have to pay for a water!
We traveled from Baltimore to Ft.Lauderdale. To start off the flight was delayed once everyone was aboard because of a mechanical issue. After sitting for an hour or so we take off. You would think they would have offered at least a free beverage for the delay but no. They charge you for every little thing. The seats don't recline the person behind me had their knees in my back I didn't get too upset because they didn't know and the seats are so close together they probably could not help it. In addition the industry standard of classifying a 50 pound bag as oversized is not the same with Spirit their limit is 40 lbs and anything over that you start paying big money. Oh and don't forget to print out your boarding pass PRIOR to arriving at the airport or you will pay $10 for each one. I will never fly Spirit again.
Flew Spirit for first and last time. Sat on Tarmac at LGA for 1.5 hours therefore missed connection arriving in Detroit approximately 8.30pm. At Detroit gate agent told three angry passengers we should not have been on flight. Gate agent further informed us earliest flight for us was next day at 3pm arriving at destination 9pm - 24 hours after scheduled arrival. Was further told that they would not provide hotel food or ticket for another airline with more convenient flights. When questioned that other airlines do such routinely was told "We are not other airlines". Unless you enjoy cramped seats and lousy customer service and are on a very tight budget do not fly Spirit.
Do not fly this airline. My outgoing flight was delayed twice. Then on my returning flight no one would help me put my bag in the over head storage I have 3rd degree burns on my body and cannot lift heavy items. Once we landed I forgot something on the plane and it took an hour for them to get it to me. Very poor customer service.
Spirit Airline does not properly inform passengers of flight status changes or cancellations and costs more than equivalent flights on either United or American Airlines. When approached representatives appear flustered and uninformed about flight status refunds etc. Do yourself a favor book your flight on another carrier and save the headache increased cost and loss of funds. In early May my wife and I decided to take our eldest son and book a flight to visit family in Houston Texas. At first glance it appeared $50 cheaper per ticket to book our flight with Spirit Airlines. I had heard by word of mouth there were extra charges for checked in baggage. Where other airlines were charging $50/bag or so Spirit charged $100. Since we only had carry-on baggage we figured we'd save the $150 on our tickets. On June 18 2014 we checked online with Spirit Airlines and learned our 7pm flight was delayed several times and the Spirit Representatives could only tell us about the delays 30 to 60 minutes after the scheduled departure time. This was totally useless. At 4am we were getting ready to board our plane to Houston when we got the announcement that our flight was cancelled. No information or help was given. We were told to go to the main counter outside of security to see if they could help us. The line was 3 hours long but fortunately my ticket agent Cheaptickets.com helped on the phone. I was one of the fortunate individuals. I realized I was short-sided in my thought to save $150. Spirit Airlines is not a good alternative. Do not believe their marketing hype about getting the same flight for less.
March 12 2014 flight 310 from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale. Awful. My red eye was delayed 2 hours and I ended up losing my rental car reservation so I had to pay double. The cabin smelt like exhaust fumes the whole time before take off the plane must have been really old. When we landed for some reason the plane took off again. The pilot did not have the courtesy to give us an explanation. We thought there was some mechanical problem and couldn't land. The worst flight I've been on.
Absolutely the worst flying experience! I departed Atlanta with two bags my purse and a small carry on that fit within the required personal bag space. The representative said my bag was ok when departing DFW I was denied boarding unless I paid $100 dollars for my luggage. I explained to the gate personnel that I wasn't charged before and was told I could fly with the bag. I will not recommend anyone to fly this airline.
I have flown to DFW from Michigan more times than I can remember since my son moved to Texas. My first trip on Spirit Airlines which I will dub "Spirit Liarlines" was bad before we got off the ground in Detroit. They pretended the plane we boarded had a mechanical problem so we all got off and was told only a couple of hours delay. After a five hour delay we were put on a different plane. On the trip back to Detroit from DFW the delays started long before I got to the airport moving my departure time from 7.43pm to 9.47pm at 1.30 in the afternoon. Spirit Liarlines website says Circumstances change quickly so please arrive 60 minutes before original departure time to avoid potentially missing your flight.So it is a delay that might not be a delay and one that forced me to arrive at 6.43pm for a flight that did not depart until 11.20pm.
June 17th and back on the 25t. I bought my bundle ticket through Expedia and regretted flying on Spirit when I found out I was going to be charged 150.00 going and another 150.00 coming back for carry on luggage. Service was horrible. They charged for even a cup of coffee. Seats did not go back and no videos while we flew. I wish I could give less than a one.
Horrible experience sending my son and two granddaughters back to Latrobe this afternoon. Had pre booked this trip to Orlando a month ago as we now know through Spirit Airlines. A real no frills flight program! Couldn't use money to buy condiments coming down on the way back could. But that wasn't the horrible thing about this trip - scheduled to go out of Orlando at 3.26 so we get there at 2.15 standing in line and by the time my son gets to the counter he's told he's 3 minutes late and his baggage cannot be put on the plane! Next they have to figure out if they can get him onto the plane on a ticket he already has so he and the two babies rush to the boarding dock while my wife and I wait to make sure we don't have to take him back home with us. Get the call and he and the girls are on the plane. A total lack of co-operation and understanding on part of the Spirit Airlines people complete lack of empathy.
My family and I flew Spirit from Baltimore to Las Vegas. I had no idea the seats did not recline and this was so very uncomfortable for a long flight. I feel the extra charges for one carry on bag for each person and to have to pay $3 per person for water is a bit much. As I was getting off the plane one of the crew members who did not say excuse me or thank you for flying with us grabbed his luggage and just cut right in front of me. I would possibly recommend Spirit for a 90 min or less flight but definitely not for a longer flight.
I do not travel often but the experience I had with Spirit leaves little to be desired. The plane that was to be mine was delayed several hours coming from Denver. When we finally boarded we sat on the tarmac for 1 hour with no AC. The pilot came on and said that we had to return to the gate because we would not make curfew flying into LaGuardia. This was a Wednesday and we were told that the next available flight would be on Saturday. I needed to be in NYC by Thursday! Unacceptable. No hotel vouchers to be had. The money I spent for the shuttle to the airport was non-refundable. There were only 2 agents at the counter to deal with all these people who had nowhere to go. Needless to say they were not very accommodating they were not able to deal well with the situation. What a disappointing experience flying with Spirit!
Not only did I have to pay $100 for one suitcase and laptop bag but they didn't even honor the fact that I am military and that any other airlines wouldn't charge military for their bags. Once paying the ridiculous fees I get on the plane and find out that everything costs including the water. When I was preparing to head to the airport for departure from California I decided to check online for boarding times and three different times my flight was delayed. I didn't arrive back to Texas until 1.30 in the morning. So if you want to purchase a cheap ticket for a trip with rude customer service baggage fees and non-complimentary anything then pick Spirit. But for all you're going to pay them you would be better off just buying a ticket at another well known airlines. Never again. I guess you live and you learn.
Just like the rest of the bad reviews all the extra charges for everything that is standard and custom on most other airlines. This is a new high for how bad customer service was for our entire family. We were to get on a flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas on June 18th after 4 hours of waiting they cancel the entire flight stranding our family in the airport. From here it gets worse the only thing they will allow is to get a voucher for a future ticket or a partial refund of our money. So we get into line and wait and wait the ticketing personnel just sit at their desk and do nothing. We ask for a supervisor they respond they are busy this is about 2am in the morning. We all are still waiting to get some type of resolve. We ended up by only getting a partial refund had to pay for the hotel stay that we couldn't use had to cancel are rental vehicle and then had to rebook another flight with another carrier. Then on top of it the original destination for the Spirit flight was Las Vegas and it had to be change to Salt Lake City instead and now we had to rent a vehicle from there.
Absolutely horrible customer service at the Atlanta Spirit check-in. 1 person in line in front of me took 45 minutes to speak with anyone. They allowed people not in line to walk right up to the counter. I finally got to speak with the rudest person in ATL which trust me there are plenty. All I needed was a security pass to pick my juvenile son at the gate. This useless customer service agent said I couldn't pick my child up because I wasn't listed to pick him up I showed him my receipt where I paid for the ticket my identification (with the same name) however this was not enough. After calling me "careless" he decided to allow me to pick him up. The worst ever!
We experienced delays both ways without any explanation. After a last minute gate change from Chicago to NY there was virtually no procedure to the boarding process. Instead of boarding by zones the agent just called everyone up to get on the plane which we had to walk down a steep stairway and go outside to board. Suffice it to say it was very stressful and disorderly. Do not join the $9 Fare Club thinking it is $9 to join to receive discount rates on checked-in luggage. It costs $59.95 which they state only at the very bottom of the page in smaller type which I missed because I was doing this last minute during online check-in when I saw how much $$ they charge for bags. Then they don't even send you a receipt for joining so you can catch it in time to cancel. The plane on the returning trip was filthy and delayed by more than 2 hours. This airline nickel and dimes you for everything. By the time I paid for all the fees I ended up paying an additional $120. This is the first and last time on Spirit.
Never again will we fly this airline. The plane was filthy with food all over the floor my son sat in gum on the seat his seatbelt did not work they charged for a cup of water for my child (not a bottle a plastic cup of tap water) trash all over the floor of plane extremely hot with no a/c and they charged us extra for asking to be seated together since we had small children (apparently it is ok to let the strangers on plane have to deal w/ your kids). Charged $400 round trip for 4 ordinary size bags. Never fly with Spirit Airlines!
I am a frequently traveler and this is the worst airline that I have experienced. I purchased a round trip ticket from Houston to Las Vegas. The trip from Houston Las Vegas was cancelled 3 hours after the departure time the airline staff did not provide any meaningful reason about such cancellation (no manager showed up at all either). The solution given was to take another flight three days later no hotel stay not even a glass of water for the long wait. Finally I had no choice but to keep the return flight with Spirit and to buy a one way ticket on short notice with another airline the price for that ticket was $1300 (out of my pocket). As you can see I'm very frustrated of having purchased a ticket on such unreliable and unprofessional airline. If you are thinking of using Spirit for your further travel plans you should think twice!
June 24 2014 flight 630 Chicago O'Hare (ORD) - New York NY - LaGuardia (LGA). Don't know where to start overall the worst experience ever. They canceled the flight and didn't pay for anything. Staff are rude no supervisor available and zero customer service. I was warned about flying Sprit unfortunately only after I had purchased the tickets. Believe me pay the few extra dollars and fly any other airline because at the end the day you will pay a lot more with Spirit.
Without a doubt the worst airline we have used. They will rip you off seven ways to Sunday and twice on Monday. We booked our flight via Priceline and were never told that in order not to be raked over the coals in baggage fees we needed to pay for our bags in advance. When we learned this at the airport while checking in it cost $90 for two bags - she never even told us there was an additional fee for the checked bag we had despite telling her that we had one. We were told that had we booked with Spirit directly we would not have had to pay as much. What they neglected to tell us was that when we paid for the return bags online in advance that we needed to do it more than 24 hours before the return flight or suffer near equally outlandish fees. Furthermore when trying to pay for them in advance via the iPad apparently their poor software cannot handle such a simple transaction yet when you call to take care of it over the phone you can't or you'll have to pay the same amount as you would if you checked them at the airport!
They get non suspecting first time travelers and then they stick it to you. A Red eye from Vegas with seats that do not even recline. Never again. Take a greyhound bus you will arrive at your destination faster. Horrible customer service deceptive advertising bad plane amenities. By the time they nickel and dime you you can fly a better carrier. Final note: be careful with online booking you think you are booking what you saw but they may in fact put you on another flight. Be careful and watch when you confirm your trip booking.
Flight was cancelled on 6/25 from Las Vegas due to bad weather in Dallas. Spirit said the soonest they could fly us out would be Monday 6/30 (5 days later) or give us a refund. No accommodation at all. Cost $2176 to buy 4 one way tickets on Southwest with a change in Chicago.
Fool me once shame on me. Never again Spirit Airlines. Flew round trip between Los Angles (LAX) and Chicago (O'Hare). As I checked in I discovered that carry-on luggage is $35 before online check-in $45 during online check-in $50 at the counter and $100 at the gate. $100! There is nothing "economical" about this. When I woke up the morning of my flight that was supposed to leave at 8.30am I saw that I had received an email from Kayak (where I booked the flight) saying that it would be 2 hours delayed. No notification from Spirit. I called Spirit after waiting 30 minutes I finally got through only to be told very curtly and rudely that he "can see what I can see". When I asked if there is a different number or someone else in customer service who can help he said no and told me to go to the airport. Got to the airport and walked up to the counter to drop off my pre-paid "fast drop off bag". The person at the counter pointed to the line that was 100 people deep all the way down the hallway and out the door to the curb of the airport where 50+ people were waiting. "That's the line to drop my bag off?" "Yes." "But I pre-paid for fast bag drop?" "You still need to go through the line." "But why is it called fast bag drop?" "I don't know." 45 minutes later after I finally get up to the counter. The same person who gave me the "I don't know." asked how my day was and I responded with "Terrible." "Why?" he asked. "Well my flight's been delayed for 2 hours I didn't receive any notification from you guys I've had to wait on the phone and in line for very routine requests and I'm probably going to miss my pre-paid appointment in Chicago because you can't give me an estimate of when we will arrive." He gave me a smirk and said "Only 2 hours delayed? That's not bad." Never again Spirit.
This is by far the worst company I have encountered. Not only do they nickel and dime you for every single thing down to charging you $20 per seat per flight (not round trip) but the staff are incapable of providing any type of customer service. When it was my turn to check my bag in the staff member asks "where is your boarding pass" I showed her my phone which had the pass on it. She said she "doesn't know how to use that" so I have to either pay $15 for her to print one or I have to exit the line to print one at the kiosk and wait in the line all over again. Clearly I just paid it so I didn't have to interact with her any longer. Then upon boarding the actual plane all flight attendants were sucking lollipops and were just straight rude. I learned my lesson. Never again will I fly Spirit Airlines.
My flight from MSP to ORD was cancelled the morning of 6/19/14 due to weather. The line at Spirit Airlines was very long and didn't move the first hour I stood in it. I got on the phone and all I was offered was a refund and a flight 3 days later. I needed to be in Chicago that night. I asked to talk to that persons manager. Guess what? A seat magically opened up on a flight later that evening. Having already returned my rental car I hung out at the airport for my late afternoon flight. Our plane arrived and we're all ready to board when we get the news that the flight is delayed. Long story short they strung us along until a little past midnight. The customers were so irritated and tired by this time that the desk employee called a gate change. We all packed up and walked to the other end to a new gate. We waited there for a good half hour. That's when we were informed the flight had been canceled a half hour ago and we were all to go to the Spirit desk for other arrangements. Another long line. No rental cars to be had. No hotel rooms available. I finally found a hotel quite a distance away. By the time I got to my room it was 2am. I found a flight on SunCountry Airlines departing the next morning at 8am and finally made my destination to Chicago.
Unfortunately this may have been my worst experience ever with an airline. What they seem to fail to tell you is that the check-in policy is different when traveling from Costa Rica (unless this is the case everywhere). Although check-in policy says 2 hours prior to scheduled or displayed departure you better be there 2 hours prior to the scheduled time even if the flight is delayed 8 hours! Not only did we receive notice from Kayak about the delay but Spirit's own website displayed the 8 hour delay. When we arrived to check-in 3 hours before our flight we were told that we had missed the flight and it was closed. It didn't matter that the plane wasn't even in Costa Rican airspace. They refused to take responsibility or put us up for the night and acted as if we should be happy that they rescheduled us for the next day. I feel bad for the people who sat there for 10 hours waiting for the plane because then the flight cancelled because the crew became illegal (too many hours). I have no idea how many hours everyone else waited. In addition how could they not know that by the time the plane arrived that the crew would not be able to turn the plane? This was the first and last time we will even fly Spirit.
June 13th I was to fly out to Denver but it was delayed due to weather. Once the flight was cleared to leave we boarded the plane and taxied out. After sitting on the runway for approx 15 minutes the pilot stated he needed to go back to the gate because the plane did not have enough fuel. By the time the plane was fuelled up the flight crew timed out and the flight was then canceled. I was then booked onto a flight to Las Vegas but my connection to Colorado wasn't until the next day. I was offered a hotel room at a reduced rate (it should have been free) and no meal voucher.
On June 16 2014 I decided to book a last minute trip to Ft. Lauderdale from Atlanta. I checked in 24 hours in advance at home and printed off my boarding pass. This was my first time flying with Spirit when I was asked did I want to check a bag during the online check-in process I declined thinking I would bring a carry-on bag which is usually free. Once at the gate I overheard some ladies on my flight talking about how you must pay to carry-on a bag! I approached the counter at the gate to speak with the Spirit representative to ask if what I heard was correct and he confirmed it. At this point I tried to go online and pay no luck. Going back to the ticket counter was out of the question. I ended up calling the Customer Service 1-800 number and was able to pay $45 over the phone for my bag. The $45 fee was a one-way fee and I was not allowed to carry-on my bag! I had to place my bag underneath the airplane and pick-up at the baggage claim once we landed in Ft. Lauderdale. On my return flight back to Atlanta which was at 3.07 pm I was running late to the airport. I got to the ticket counter at 2.20 pm to check-in and print off my boarding pass. The representative told me they had sold my seat because I didn't check- in early enough! At this point I should have 47 minutes to get through this tiny airport and make my flight. I asked her to check the surrounding airports for flights going to Atlanta she said Spirit doesn't fly out of Miami and there were no flights out of West Palm Beach airport. All the representative told me is "we can put you on a 9.40 am flight in the morning". I had to purchase a $347 last minute ticket on Delta to get home.
Paid 160$ to check two normal size and weight suitcases. All went ok flying into Chicago not many complaints except for all the fees. When we got to Chicago Airport we had everything ready and were 1.5 hours early for our flight. When we went to check our luggage we were notified that our connecting flight was cancelled. We received no email no phone call nothing. We were told we could either get a complete refund or fly to Dallas and wait a full 24 hours for our next flight. I asked the attendant if we would be receiving a hotel voucher anything. He said no they don't provide them. So we got to Dallas airport 2 hours late and were told that shuttles don't run after midnight. I asked the Spirit attendant if they would let us back into the terminal if we checked in so we would at least have a safe place to rest for the night. The Spirit worker said no and that normally they give out cots but not after midnight. I slept in a freezing airport last night on the ground going on hour 18 in the airport now. Just six more to go. Spirit may appear cheap but after they charge you $200 in fees and then cancel your flight its not worth it. I will never fly Spirit again.
Flight was 2 hours late leaving and then spent an hour on the runway with no air conditioning in San Juan. PR in June 2014. The heat got so bad someone had an asthma attack and the plane was forced to return to the gate. The medical case person was removed and then maybe 6 or 8 more people just got off. The delay made our group of 9 miss our connection. They offered us 3 hotel rooms and $21 in vouchers for food for a 24 hour layover. The vouchers were written wrong and only 1 restaurant would take them and 3 people had to use the same voucher. When the tickets were issued for the flight they left off all the paid carry-on bags. Not a single agent could even figure out how to add them back. This caused more trouble.
Our flight was scheduled to depart at 6.10am which required us to get up at 3am. Upon arrival at the airport at 5am we were informed by a very non sympathetic Spirit employee that our flight was delayed 6 hours due to weather conditions in Dallas. Our friends that joined us a few minutes later were told that the weather issue was in Chicago. We did inquire as to why no one contacted us but were not given an answer. As per Spirit's Customer Service Terms and Conditions they say that they make a reasonable effort to inform passengers of changes. No such attempt was made until we reached the Spirit counter. We decided to wait at the airport and around 8.30 headed to our gate. As we sat down we overheard the Spirit employee tell a few other passengers to start looking for alternate transportation. Our options were extremely limited. We were not able to get a flight until the following day at an additional expense of $400. This kind of service is simply unacceptable in this day and age where the world revolves around customer service. And to offer no resolution for the customers was just as unacceptable. The purpose of our trip was a vacation so we were able to move plans around. At a much larger cost but we made it work. Long story short we will never be choosing Spirit again.
Less than 30 minutes before boarding the flight from Denver was cancelled due to crew unavailability. 150 passengers were directed to the main ticket counter for options. We were told that we would be rebooked on the next available flight. The next available flight was the following day and there were about 6 seats available at the beginning of the process. I was about 100 passengers back in the line being serviced by a single gentleman. After over an hour in line I managed to use my phone to book a Frontier flight later in the afternoon.
We lucked out but I won't fly Spirit again! My daughter and I took a last-minute trip to Chicago from Minneapolis and decided to fly Spirit since we didn't need to take any bags-which would have almost made the price equal to a more reputable competitor! Our outgoing trip was on schedule and fine. Our return trip turned out OK but the mess at the airport made me realize that we were very lucky to get home only 30 minutes late! Every flight in the Spirit gate area was delayed or cancelled (one that was supposed to leave at 10.30am was finally cancelled at 7.30pm) and there was one poor gate agent who was trying her best to help and give information (information that she obviously wasn't getting from the company). People were screaming swearing etc at her and finally airport security had to come stand by her! There was no explanation for why flights were delayed or cancelled or why my flight which was scheduled to leave after most of the delayed flights was boarded and we left 30 minutes late! I won't take my chances again but happy that I won the Spirit lottery this time!
Flight was cancelled out of Ft Lauderdale due to bad weather at our destination. Instead of rescheduling they offered a flight 2 days later with 4 layovers. Was originally a direct flight. New flight offered was 11 hours. Traveling with 2 small children this is not an option. Had to get a refund and spend an extra 500 dollars to fly a different airline. Will never fly Spirit again.
This is the worst airline. The are always late and there are hidden fees everywhere - from choosing a seat to carry-on luggage. Their employees are far from friendly and borderline rude. I booked a flight to Las Vegas in June of 2013 and the one thing good about the flight was that it was smooth everything else was substandard.
Round-trip from LAS to HOU on May 13. Cancelled because of weather. Next flight 2 days later. No apology no comps just rude service. Coming back on May 27 2014 again bad weather. Spirit employees at ticket desk said TSA closed and needed to take bags through security. When explained we paid to checked these bags because of the contents we were told to throw belongings away or scheduled FedEx pickup or rebook for flight (next day). Long story short we had to pay FedEx $75 to pick up belongings that should of been in our check bags. And almost missed our flight.
Big mistake using this airline. There were no non-stop flights from Sacramento to Dallas so I took a chance on Spirit flying out of Oakland. Flight was delayed 2 hours 20 minutes which put me in Dallas after 2 am. This is the first and last time I fly Spirit.
They nickel and dime you for everything possible. Our flight was delayed an hour and a half which caused us to miss our connecting flight. We had to stay in Florida for 12.5 hours until the next available flight which caused 5 of us to miss work the next day. They wouldn't try to get us on another flight with a different airline because they are too cheap and don't care about their customers. I will never fly with them again.
First trip with Spirit was 6/12/14 to 6/16/14. Worst trip ever. Deceptive additional charges for seat and carry on totaling $100.00. Every boarding was late. Last boarding from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando waited over six hours. I will not travel with Spirit again.
Arrived at the gate at Denver International Airport this morning at 8.15 for my flight to Orlando at 9.00. I waited 40 minutes then was told the flight would be delayed 1 hour. 15 minutes later the flight was cancelled. Spirit Airlines said they can get me to Orlando 2 days from now or a refund. I can't tell you how angry I am. I need to be in Florida for a conference. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again.
We were delayed due to weather. Sat on the plane for an hour. After an hour they announce that they will fly around the storm. 15 minutes later they come on saying we don't have enough fuel. So we wait another hour for fuel. 99% of the plane was making a connecting flight. They then announced that every flight that was connecting would not be delayed to wait for us to arrive. They said we can get you to Ft Lauderdale but there are no flights out of there for 3 days. Most of us got off the plane and ran around the airport trying to find a different airline. They told us we had to get to the ticket counter and cancel our flight in able to be refunded. We also waited another hour for our luggage to get off the plane that many of us exited. Seriously what airline doesn't keep adequate fuel to fly around a storm? I will walk swim or ride a bike before I ever use Spirit.
When pricing your ticket between different carriers be sure to know the hidden costs after you purchase your ticket. Pretty much bait and switch with Spirit! Need to check-in prior to flight the earliest is 24hrs. prior and can do so up 1 hr. prior. But here is where you can throughout economy flying with Spirit everything has a charge for it for us it was an extra $72 per person for seat assignment (X) 4 each of our bags that normally consider carry-on and less than 25 lbs. was $80 (X) 4. The customer service representatives barely speak English and are extremely rude. If you don't pre print your boarding pass at your office or home it is another $10. The sad thing is we continue to allow and support bad behavior from companies such as this. In the future my dollars will be spent with other carriers and I advise people to do the same.
Any money you save is negated by $35 carry-on bag fee and $10 fee to reserve your seat of choice! Not even a soft drink for free. Flight attendants zip down the aisle with the beverage cart because nobody is foolish enough to pay for a drink! Seat backs do not recline (except in emer. exit rows) and seats themselves are very uncomfortable after 2-hour flight. Avoid Spirit and pay the few extra dollars for a "regular" carrier. Spirit just takes "no-frills" way too far!
My daughter plays volleyball and they had to go to Dallas for qualifiers. Being a single mother I had to find the best flight I could. We book with Spirit because of the price. We didn't make a beef over the fee for luggage because it was still the cheapest airfare. However we were scheduled for a 7.30 flight. The flight was delayed over 5 hours. As a result she nearly missed her first game and more tired than if we drove. They did not even seem remorseful whatsoever What a miserable airline. And to think I joined their club to get better deals in the future. Boy did I ever get duped.
Went to Las Vegas McCarran Airport 2 hours early. 2 huge lines and a Spirit rep is yelling Minneapolis flight is cancelled because of bad weather in Chicago. I get on my smartphone and check flighttracker which reported 98% of the flights were leaving on time with only light rain in Chicago. Then they tell us they won't have a flight for us for 2 more days! Never again. It is total waste of your time effort and money.
June 19th 2014 flight 832 listed 1.11pm departure Houston to Orlando. I am sitting on the Spirit aircraft as I write this review. We have been sitting on the plane at the gate for 2 hours. First there was a problem with the computer in which they had to re-boot the entire system. After that hour the pilot let us know that the toilets were broken. So we continued to sit on the plane for an additional hour so far. On top of all of this I have a wife in labor with our first child. Of course you will have mechanical failure but the way this was handled is completely unacceptable.
Flew out to Las Vegas on flt 245 leaving Chicago 05/30 and returned on flt 356 out of Las Vegas on 06/03. Well I signed on here to complain about my flight to Vegas but it looks like I'm preaching to the choir. It's nice to know we get just what we pay for in this case one notch up from nothing. Rude flight attendant's little or no service.
I flew from LAX to Chicago during the memorial day weekend. Don't get tricked by their low-priced flight because it is not low at all. Let me tell you why. I booked my flight through priceline which lists all different types of airlines. Spirit came up on the very top because of its "low" price. We picked Spirit because of its price and the flight schedule. Little did we know right after we booked found out that they charge for every carry on or check-in luggage. I've never seen any airlines that charge for carry on so we wanted to cancel it but it was too late (no full refunds only partial flight credit). We decided to just have one huge bag to check-in (it's cheaper than a carry on if you pay before you get there). Service was slow and horrible. No snacks/beverage provided. Seats were tight/uncomfortable. Flight was shaky both times. I saw a lot of people who didn't know about the luggage fee so they had to pay upfront which was $100 for a carry on. I'm sure most of people including myself paid more than any other airlines because of all these additional fees.
My assistant booked me on Spirit from LaGuardia to O'Hare because their flight times fit my schedule. I didn't really know anything about this airline so I got blindsided by fees and poorly communicated flight changes. Round trip both flights were delayed without explanation. On my return trip the gate was changed but the information was not updated on the boards - which caused panic and chaos. To board we walked down this employee-only stairway outside and threading through construction cones and baggage carts to walk up a plank to the airplane. There aren't words to describe how degrading the whole experience was. Note: I'd like to be able to rate seat comfort inflight food and entertainment but there was none.
Very disappointing experience not to be repeated. First there is a hard edge to the flight attendants. On the flight to Detroit one was so shrill into the microphone that several of us plugged our ears with our fingers. The flight attendants must be told to hawk the promotional credit card because on the flight to and from Detroit they spent quite a bit of time just before the final descent trying to hawk the cards. The departure to Detroit was delayed by 100 minutes. I paid an extra ten dollars on both flights for extra leg room. For the first time ever my knees touched the seat pocket of the chair in front of me and I was unable to cross my legs without extreme contortions. Charge of 3.00$ for everything (including water). That money grabbing attitude of grab every buck you can is very off-putting. Also the one personal item allowed (and charging for a carry on) is also money grabbing. The round trip cost of 435.00$ from Orlando to Detroit was no bargain. Inflight entertainment is non-existent as is staff service. Seat comfort is a joke. The seats recline about two inches.
LAX to Dallas/Ft. Worth. Flight 866 on June 10 and return on 869 from Dallas on June 13th 2014. This is the worst airline ever booked! Deceptive prices on all travel sites with exorbitant excessive charges. Rude service old plane. 4 hour flight delay without notification. Do not book with them thinking it's a good deal. You are very lucky if anything goes as you expect.
My son was booked to go from Detroit to Los Angeles. With the only explanation of we don't have enough stewardess for the flight the flight was cancelled. No help getting a 17 year old on another flight - no help with a hotel. And forget about the 3 hour drive to and from the airport with gas at $4 a gallon. They don't care about any inconvenience at all. They are not cheap and then nickel and dime you to death. Save your money - go with Southwest any day!
My husband and I just returned from a trip to Costa Rica where we flew on Spirit for the first time. I should have had the first clue when they charged for carry-on luggage! When we started on our trip we couldn't believe that they charged for everything including water! On a 4 hour flight! Then to continue the abuse they didn't have pillows or blankets even for purchase so I was freezing for 4 hours and bought 2 blankets during our layover to continue on to Costa Rica. Then on our return trip from Costa Rica they charged us another $25 because we were supposedly over-weight on our luggage. They weighed a total of 91 pounds for 2 suitcases which was the same as when we left LAX since we really didn't buy much. Usually international flights allow 50 pounds! They wouldn't allow water or drinks on the plane even when purchased in the airport after we had been through security so they checked our carry on luggage again right before we boarded at the gate. This is obviously an effort to force you to buy on the plane. Needless to say this was our first and will be our last flight on Spirit Airlines.
This was my first trip with Spirit. They are awful. I had a round trip with four segments. Their turnover is abysmal with filthy seats and missing seatback information all along the way. From LAX to Houston seats did not recline - not an option. On NK561 from Las Vegas to LAX there was no water in the bathrooms. On segment from DTW to Las Vegas same day only one bathroom was operational! They cancelled a last flight out of DTW on me then went ahead and still charged me yet again for seat selection. They have a policy that also charges you a fee for water. Highly recommend opting for any other airline option you can find.
3 of us were booked on a flight to Chicago flight was delayed 3 times. Their boarding process seems like a mob rush as they said we had to board before 12pm after being delayed so many times. We finally got to our destination over 3 hours late. On the way back to NY same fiasco which actually got worse: flight was also delayed several times and just before finally waiting to be boarded flight was cancelled. They said the next available flight would be in 2 days they provided us no help in getting booked on another flight. They actually left us in the dark. Will never ever never fly Spirit again!
I booked what I was lead to believe was an AA flight through Expedia and got stuck in some bate and switch scam that trapped me in flights with Spirit. A discount flight ended up being the most expensive flight I have paid for going into LAX. Over crowded seating no drink service and terrible customer support.
Flew Spirit for the first time for a trip to Las Vegas. Horrible! Very cramped. I complained to my friend who was sitting beside me and was then harassed by the flight attendant. Will never fly with them ever again. They don't inform you that there is no entertainment and no food or beverage service. You can purchase a beverage or snack but only by credit card. Customers should be made aware of this.
Last month traveled with my husband and daughter. We had a connecting flight from Dallas to Chicago which was delayed twice finally they boarded us and brought us back to the gate due the weather and was told flight would be delayed an hour but later it was canceled and next flight offered was not until two days later. No accommodation was offered and crew at the desk had no idea what they were doing. I paid $1100 dollars to take A flight back to Chicago with A different airline. Worst airline and customer service I have ever had.
This is the first and last time I will fly Spirit. I would catch a greyhound bus to my destination before I bother to book a flight with them again. This Airline is terrible and they have extremely poor customer service. When you buy your tickets you think that you are getting a deal because they are cheap! But if you plan to board the plan with a carry-on bag and checked luggage your in for a rude awakening! If you know what's best for you stay far away from this airline! That was just the beginning of my terrible experience!
I fly at least 6 times a year. I have a certain bag that I use and have used for over 10 years now as a carry on. It fits in every overhead bin I've ever encountered I've never had to check it as I don't check bags ever. So I was flying to a few states to do various things last week and had booked a few one way tickets one being a Spirit flight. I checked in online and went to my gate to board and they made me pay $100 to carry on my carry on! I was astounded. I have never had to do that in my entire life. No other airline has ever done this and to pay that much is atrocious. Their hidden fees are robbery. I will never fly this airline again.
The whole experience was bad. The purchase of the ticket then the purchase of a seat then to have to pay to carry my briefcase onboard then the charges for a bag to be carried on were higher than checking a bag and finally the lines at check - in were very long and slow. It felt like a 3rd world country government owned airline. The website was not user friendly. The seats were very uncomfortable. The one positive comment that I can make was that the flight staff was very nice and had good customer service. The whole experience was rinky dink. I will go out of my way to avoid Spirit. I fly about 60 times a year and I will take my business elsewhere.
First and last time I will fly with this airline. The crew were friendly and helpful but that is where the good things stop. Their "low price" only gets you a ticket unless you want to fly on the wing or cargo hold. You have to pay extra for any seat baggage fees are far more than any other airline and you can't even fly with a carry on much larger than a purse or you pay $30.00. Once we landed we waited for about an hour just to get our bags. The management of Spirit airlines seems to be working very hard at making this airline the worst of the worst.
I've flown Spirit 5 times in the last three months. Every single flight has been significantly late. My flight tonight was scheduled to depart at 9pm now saying delayed until 10.30. It's not weather I checked. And all the other flights are running on time. Delay delay delay. The equipment is fine and the staff are friendly so as long as you don't actually need to get to your destination its not bad.
I was flying back from Vegas into Oakland and my plane was 5 hours late due to not having a flight crew. They had to fly in a crew from Detroit. We got no warning even though they had to know that the crew wouldn't be there on time. I came to find out that out of my group of friends flying with Spirit that weekend I was the lucky one. I had 8 different people flying out on 4 different flights. One flight was 9 hours late another was 10 hours late and the last one was canceled altogether. I had to pay $90 to carry on a small bag when it should have been $70 but since there was a problem with their site I couldn't log in so I had to call and by the time I got done waiting on hold and they fixed the site it was then within 24 hours of my flight.
I didn't wait in any lines for more than 10 seconds and the people who worked there were fairly nice no complaints about that. Basically everything was perfect until you're about to board. Their 'zone' boarding process should be reconsidered. The first two zones are small amounts of people then become mobs trying to form a line when they call for the third and fourth zones. You really get what you pay for with Spirit when it comes to the seat being that I'm 6'2 the seat didn't offer me anywhere near the necessary amount of space to travel with comfort. No TVs and no complementary food and drinks. At the end of the day they got me there and back in one piece quickly and for a low cost.
I traveled from New York to Detroit then to Vegas round trip. My first and last time I will fly with Spirit. All 4 flights were beyond dirty. Food crumbs all over the floor and seats the tray tables were so dirty they were stuck closed and on one flight I could see someone's face still imprinted on the seat in front of me. The seats have got to be the most uncomfortable seats I have sat in. It felt like I was sitting on a rock for 4 hours. To top it all off the seats do not recline and leg room is non-existent. Do not be deceived by the low price it does not included baggage fees and drinks and snacks on the plane. Unless you are traveling with nothing but a purse you are forced to pay for your bags. $35 for carry-on and $30 to check them and that's only one way. If you are dying of thirst or hunger prepare to spend $3 for a can of soda or $5 for a small snack. Never Again!
Our flight from MSP was scheduled to leave at 11:.30am and it didn't leave until 5.45pm. We were told it was due to weather mechanical problems and not having a crew available to fly the plane. The first delay stated we would leave at 1.30 then 3.30 and at noon we were told a plane was on it's way. The plane arrived 2 hours later (from Chicago which is a 45 min flight) and sat there until 5.45 because the pilots weren't available. Spirit offered a $7 food voucher and a $50 credit for a future flight - which is laughable and something we'll never use. Lesson learned - you get what you pay for. Spend the extra money to buy a ticket on a more reliable airline.
I recently took a trip with Spirit and it was about the worst experience I have had traveling. I do quite a bit of travel and on this particular trip the flight was delayed 4.5 hours for mechanical problems. I was never informed of the delay until I got to the airport. Fortunately had a family member taking me and I was able to spend some extra time with her. We were given $7.00 food vouchers in an airport where the restaurants close at 7.00 what does one eat for $7.00. I was told to go to Hudson news and get candy or drinks.
Flight delayed 7 hours with no notification or explanation. Waited 40 minutes on hold to speak with a customer service rep who had no information for me and offered no solutions. Horrible experience will never fly with them again! Horrible customer service not to mention ridiculous fees. No mobile boarding passes and they charge $10 to print your boarding pass at the airport. No complimentary beverages no inflight entertainment seats are small and crammed and all rows recline like the emergency exit isle seats- an inch or less.
My family visited from overseas 6 of us were booked to fly from Houston-Vegas on 12 May. For the 10.20pm flight no announcements made until 1am then at 2am they cancelled the flight. No announcements whatsoever. Spirit did not offer another flight until 2 June. We had already paid for our hotel show tickets purchased - does Spirit care for their Customers? Not come across such poor service in the airline industry (and I fly all over the world).
Had the opportunity to fly Spirit from Baltimore to Las Vegas r/t. Can sum up the experience in one word - awful. Never again will I (or the 5 others from Baltimore on the same flight) fly Spirit. While in Vegas I met someone from another city who had flown Spirit also. Their opinion - never again!
My flight was delayed an hour. I did not receive any notification. We boarded the plane another 30 minutes behind schedule. It gets even better! We waited another 2 hours on the plane while they fixed an issue with the plane. There were no apologies for the inconvenience. The flight attendants were very rude and avoided eye contact with the passengers. I've never been treated so poorly by an airline.
My father in law flew in to Denver from Las Vegas over the Memorial day weekend on Spirit. Paid $45 each way for his bag so $90 total in addition to the flight! His flight back on Sunday was to come from Dallas to Denver and then on to Vegas and was listed on their website as on time at all points that we checked it. However they finally informed them at the scheduled departure time that it was cancelled due to weather in Dallas. They offered no meal voucher no hotel voucher nothing. And we asked but they evidently have no partner airline willing to work with them to re book passengers on. They rescheduled him to Monday at 6.34pm. Again all online and live operators told us the flight was on time. And yet again they told them at their scheduled departure time that it was once again delayed due to mechanical issues. But they thought they would have it fixed and have them in the air by 10pm. They did give them a $7 food voucher but what exactly can you buy for $7 in an airport? Finally at 9pm (too late to book with any other airline) they tell them that this flight too is cancelled. Again no partner airlines to book them on and again all website info still said it was on time.
Being kind they are the worst airline I have ever "flown." They said that out flight would be delayed because they could not find a plane and then they strung us along found a plane boarded us deplaned us and finally canceled the flight. The representatives at the service desk were so rude and did not seem like they wanted to help me at all. They treated me like a kid! I am still trying to decide if I want to rebook my flight with them or just eat the cost and fly with a real airline. The tickets may be cheap buy they nickel and dime the hell out of you. Also when we boarded there was not enough leg room for me a man at 6ft. It was so cramped. I think they try to cram as many people on the plane to make up for the cheap airfare. Don't waste your money go and spend it with a real airline like United American or yes even Delta.
The worst airline in existence. We traveled from New York to Dallas this past weekend. We hovered over Dallas for 30 minutes because of weather and were then told we would have to re-route to Houston. After flying to Houston our plane and 2 others sat on the tarmac for 2 hours waiting to fly back to Dallas. Spirit apparently only has 3 pilots because they couldn't find one to fly us back so they ended up putting all passengers on the 3 planes on buses to go back to DFW. We ended up renting a car and driving back as we had paid for an airline ticket not a bus ticket. I will never use Spirit again. They are unorganized and not very helpful. Huge waste of money after the all of charges for seats and luggage.
Spirit Airlines lures you in under the guise that you are receiving a cheap ticket but they make you buy your bags and your seat. When all was said and done I could have booked a JetBlue flight for the same amount of money and a much nicer airline. My flight flew into Detroit on the way to Las Vegas next set of crew was 1 hour late. Flight was delayed in Detroit one hour with no explanation of delay.
Spirit has been traveled by my family and I on three separate occasions because the fare was lower. Unfortunately we did not communicate with each other about the hidden fees and poor customer service at the airports. The seats are too small they try to force you to pay for seating if there is standard seating available and chosen it's liable to change once on flight. When attempting to print boarding passes for return flight it will not allow until seat is purchased and charge additional to check-in at the airport. Forced to pay $45 for carry on piece of luggage because it has wheels? No assistance to passengers with long delay lines in security when flight time is close. Flight times change continuously when booking early and checking flight information online is impossible. No problem with flight attendants - only customer service prior to boarding.
When I booked my ticket to Las Vegas Spirit was the cheapest little did I know that 24hrs before my flight I had to pay another $100 for my seat choice (window nothing special) and pay to check my bag-it was more if I carried it on. I called customer service it took me 8 tries to get to talk to a live person. I finally get through and the lady told me that I have to pay to pick my window seat $18 each way. I get to O'Hare and get in line to check my bag the young lady that helped me never talked to me she only motioned for me to give her my ID and gate pass - she was busy on her cell phone. She tagged my bag and pointed for me to take it to another guy. No complimentary beverage on the flight. Coming home: Spirit only allows 40lb for a checked bag or they will charge another $25. Never again.
Our flight from Chicago to Houston was cancelled on Sunday by "air traffic" according to the ticket counter. So therefore Spirit was not responsible for finding us another flight helping with hotels or anything. Basically they said you are on your own. We could take a refund or wait until Tuesday when they could rebook us. So we took our refund booked with another airline and made it out of Chicago. We will never again fly Spirit. You get what you pay for.
This past week I flew with Spirit Airlines for the first and last time. Every single person that my husband and I dealt with besides the flight attendants were rude to us. Well if you don't remove something for your bag to get the weight down we will have to charge you extra for that. No eye contact no smile no Helloor Good Morning. When we got to the ticket counter with our boarding passes already printed the woman behind the counter didn't even look up at us to acknowledge that we were standing in front of her for three minutes. It took every bit of my patience to not ask if she was blind. This is a very unwelcome airline. There is absolutely nothing complimentary on this airline. My husband and I paid for everything from our one checked bag ($40 to start if overweight you'll be paying an extra $25 on top of that) to water and soft drinks on the plane ($3 and up). Anything that you bring onto the plane besides one carry-on is $50 before you hit the terminal and $100 at the terminal. To boot when we purchased our tickets we were given the option to pick our seats on the aircraft for a fee which was $36 a seat. Never in my life did I ever pay for seat assignments and I certainly didn't do it this time. My husband had absolutely no room to move his legs I couldn't even put my head on his shoulder without getting jabbed by the armrest that couldn't be pushed in an upright position enough to be out of my way. The button to recline my seat didn't work. The tray table for my husband's seat wouldn't adjust to sit properly and was wobbling so we had to share my tray table between us. There is no inflight entertainment. No TV's.
The plane was fully booked including 5 extra rows that didn't exist. I paid extra for an exit row because i am tall. My ticket said exit row but when I got on the plane all of the rows were shifted 2 rows so I ended up in a regular row and a family with a 6 month old ended up in the exit. As i am sitting here they are forcing anyone who can't find their ticket stub off the plane to reprint a new one. I will never fly this airline again!
Flight delayed 2 hours - given 2500 bonus miles have tried online and can't get a telephone number to speak to anyone about not being able to register this certificate. Online registration tells me incorrect cert # but number typed is correct and since no one available by phone have to assume Spirit does not actually want to have anyone use these bonus miles. Corporate number listed online not in use can't get a live person on phone only canned instructions and then when followed they don't work. A joke of an airline and I shall never use again. Worst website ever!
Spirit Airlines is the worst airline we have ever traveled on. This was our first and will definitely be our last time we will ever travel with them. You have to pay for everything; seat assignment Carry-on bag checked bags; any drinks or snacks on board. No complementary water no free coffee no free soft drinks. Everything has a price. I'm surprised they don't charge to use the toilet? If you don't prepay for your carry-on bag on-line you get charged $100.00 for it at the terminal. We saw several people discover that when they were in line to board the plane needless to say they were very upset! There is basically no leg room at all. I am about 5-8 (short by todays standards) and I had only about 2 inches of room between my knees and the seat back in front of me. On 3 out of the 4 of the planes we traveled on the seat-backs were locked in one fixed position with no adjustments available - great for ones back on flights of over 3 and 4 hours particularly for seniors? Or outgoing flight from Oakland CA went smoothly until we got to Chicago IL for our connecting flight to Ft. Lauderdale. We had flight delay of over 3 hours and finally arrived at our destination in Ft. Lauderdale FL at 1:00 am too late for the free shuttle to our hotel. It cost us $50.00 to get another shuttle. If you don't down-load your boarding pass on-line you have to pay extra for it at the terminal. After downloading your boarding passes on-line the heading of your boarding pass states "Congratulation! You are eligible for Fast Bag Drop" Then it goes on to state that customers wanting to check bags must do so 45 minutes prior to scheduled departure time. n our return flight from Ft. Lauderdale FL our shuttle dropped us off at the terminal with 1 hr. 15 min. to spare before our scheduled flight. The problem with that is when you arrive at the counter for "Fast Bag Drop" there was only one agent handling that and the line was like a Disney World line waiting for a popular ride. There were about 6 other agents waiting patiently for customers who had to pay for their checked bags; carry-on bag and boarding passes. My wife and I who are over 70 year old seniors attempted to use one of these "observing agents" to give them our bags and was directed to get back in the long curving line. I questioned where the Fast Bag Drop is and was totally ignored. Spirit should rename it to Snail Pace Bag Drop which would be far more appropriate! On 2 of our 4 flights we had to listen to an annoying lengthy sales pitch by the flight attendants who were attempting to get customers to sign up for Spirits frequent flyer Master Card. I should point out that two positive things about Spirit Airlines are that the flight attendants were mostly friendly and polite and our checked bags arrived safely with us at our destinations. Spirit Airlines advertises itself as the first no frills airline and I must congratulate them on that - they most certainly are!
I just flew from Florida to Boston a few days ago. We were in the standard seats. It was the worst experience I have ever had in an aircraft. If there were negative reviews I would have given it a negative 5. First off there is a hidden baggage fee that you must pay over $50 for a carry on suitcase. Once Spirit tried charging a seat fee a hidden fee that charges you for being seated (not the actual ticket ticket was already bought). I was so enraged and complained because I would rather go standing if they tried to charge me to sit. The planes are uncomfortable crowded and they charge you for one drink (non alcoholic). The plane seemed to be in horrible condition very cheap. The group I was in agreed to never fly on such a terrible airline again. To anyone who reads this please never fly Spirit.
I have been flying Spirit Air since I compare their price to that of Southwest and difference was outrageous. I want to save and anything that helps me save is the way to go. Been flying Spirit regularly between Chicago and Dallas for under a $150 round trip. I have recommended Spirits to all my friend but let them know the baggage policy. I don't carry a lot of stuff other than my little bag and my computer bag.
Detroit flight cancelled after on board for 2 hrs. Lost a night in Vegas we had to reserve rooms we did not use at our cost. Return flight 2 hrs late taking off plus 2 hrs for luggage to be unloaded in Detroit. You would think that extra fees for luggage equals better service. Paid extra for EXIT seats 32 inch legroom impossible for tall person.
We flew in on Spirit Airlines (LAX to ORD) and were so offended by how poorly the airline perceived customers (the staff were fine) that we decided to stay longer so we wouldn't have to use the airline on the way back. It can be more expensive to fly Spirit and you get less than the other airlines. The flight attendants didn't even have a cart. They had to bring all the food and hot coffee two by two by hand.
NYC to Fort Lauderdale last weekend. The flight cost $340. I ended up paying an extra $150 at the airports to bring my carry on bag. I booked this through a third party and was not warned about this extra charge. The overall price was outrageous. Flight attendants were not the friendliest. When I placed a drink order instead of getting my order the flight attendants hung out at the front of the plane laughing and talking together.
Booked 2 tickets to fly using Spirit. One for my daughter the other for myself. Due to an emergency plans changed and needed to change my flight. Spirit Airlines unwilling to accommodate - charge me $125 PLUS $33.98 for a total of $158.98 just to cancel and the trip was a month away. Rude Customer Service reps with the most horrendous language barrier!
Recent flight from Minneapolis to Fort Lauderdale Round trip - I appreciate the fact that you know up front that there will be additional fees you definitely pay for everything extra but with that said for the actual money spent it was still cheaper for this particular route than any other carrier. As a previous review had stated the scale on the bag drop is 3 pounds off than the sale at the desk so be aware of that. You also must check to make sure your personal item fits into their dimensions otherwise they will charge you $100 as a carry on (saw this happen to someone). My biggest negative issue was that magazine holders behind the seats were either broken or just so old that they were hanging loose so that when you sat down your knees were pressed against the seat in front of you. Definitely not comfortable for any length of time flying. Compared to other airlines the seating was very close and cramped. Would not recommend Spirit regular seating if you like to have space for your knees. Everything else was as expected for no frills no beverage no snack no movie just a "bus" ride and not on a coach bus.
My wife and I were going to Detroit Michigan to see her family when we got a call the her cousin mother had a stroke. We were forced to cancel our trip so we call Spirit to explain the situation. They gave us two options: 1- re-schedule the trip for a fee of $125 per ticket ($250 total) or option 2 - cancel for the same fee plus $16 more per ticket for cancellation fees. Now the second option still does not give your money back. They give you the money in credit and with the condition that you will have to use that credit to buy a ticket within 60 days and the trip can be schedule within a year. Therefore not only they eat up 60% of your money but you cannot get your money back you can only get a credit that in order to use that credit you also have conditions. This means that after taking the penalty for not being able to use the tickets you still penalized by not being able to get what is left of your money plus the penalization of having to reschedule within 60 days plus the penalization of having to flight with them an unreasonable and abusive company. After this event I am sure I will lose 100% of my money since I won't be able to buy an extra ticket with that credit plus the reason that I don't know when will I have time and chances to go anywhere. I will never buy with Spirit Airlines again I feel sorry for the employees that have to work for this type of company and their fliers.
Detroit to Fort Lauderdale Flight delayed 30 minutes got to check in already printed out boarding pass and pre-paid for checked bag said I could get in the fast check in lane - the line was very long! The scale prior to check in weighed three pounds lighter than check in scale. Many seats on my flight were double booked and had to wait for everything to get fixed before take off.
Maybe the worst experience I have had with an airline. The apathy is almost unbelievable. My flight is delayed for almost 3 hours due to "weather". It is perfectly sunny right now from Houston to Denver.
We flew Spirit Airlines from Portland Oregon to Las Vegas Nevada and our flight left PDX 1 hour and a half late due to a starter problem with the engine. We were told that the plane had to be started at the gate due to the starter issue. To me the plane should have not been flying with an issue like that. Also we had to pay for our luggage as well as pay extra if we wanted to pick out own seats.
Multiple delayed departures. Cancelled flight. Horrible customer service. No airline partners. The low fare was not worth the headaches. My trip in the end cost me more than if i would of bought a first class ticket with a reputable airline. What was suppose to be a 2.5hr flight turned into 2 day nightmare. Had to rent a car to get to my next destination. Spirit refunded some customers but I needed to jump thru more hoops to maybe get a refund for cancelled flight. My relatives who likwise flew spirit this weekend different departure airport where likwise delayed coming and going. Avoid this airline cheap fare not worth it.
Round-trip Latrobe to Myrtle Beach to visit family. Flight was delayed 3 hours in LTB to fix something on the plane - understandable. But what is really horrible about this airline is that the service is atrocious. I have not encountered a single nice or understanding employee of Spirit. They are unaccommodating and just plain rude. They advertise their flights as cheap but they simply are not by the time you pay all the fees at the end. Also the $9 Fair Club is an absolute joke - none of the fairs are below $40 and you simply cannot get a flight for under $100 after bags and seats.
My college kids went to Cancun. Their return flight was Cancun to Ft. Lauderdale to Chicago. Bad weather in Texas caused a long delay before a cancelation of their flight: there's only one flight in and out per day and that was their jet. Spirit representatives told stranded passengers the next flight available was 4 days later! They would only refund tickets not re-route on another airline. Their excuse was a weather related problem which relieved them of any obligation of food vouchers hotels or compensation. It cost the students an extra $400 for buying tickets on United to get back home the next day after an all nighter in the airport.
I paid for a Spirit Airlines ticket but my flight was cancelled the day of. The excuse given was bad weather for the incoming plane. Ironically we checked other airlines none of the others had cancelled incoming flights. Furthermore my flight had few seats sold which I thought was very interesting and concerning. The flight was cancelled and the very few customers who had bought tickets were delayed from the morning to the afternoon. The problem is for people with connecting flights. This airline should not be called a "no frills" airline but a "non caring" airline. When a consumer buys a ticket there's a trust that the flight will be honored. People who were stranded weren't put up in a hotel. The resounding feeling from those on the flight was that they won't fly Spirit again. Once again there are critical time sensitive reasons for travel. Once an airline breaks the customers' trust it is hard to regain.
I will never take Spirit again my first and last time. Not such a bargain price when you have to additional $90 for carry-on luggage and you check in online. Would have been cheaper and a more flexible flight to fly with another airline. It. cost me almost $200 round trip from LAX to Las Vegas when it should have been $98 as advertised.
My second time flying Spirit and the last. First of all who doesn't want to save a little and spend it on activities? The problem is that you don't realize until after you have booked that more fees are coming. I knew there would be seat fees if I chose to sit next to my traveling companion and I also knew that I would have to pay for checked bags. What I didn't know until I received a reminder email to do online check in is that now Spirit also charges $10 per person if you do not do an online check in and print your boarding passes. After $160 extra for bags and cheap seats they want you to pay to check in at the airport too. The real topper of all this is that my flight from Dallas with a brief stop in San Diego then on to Cabo was all without any type of drinks because no one bothered to stock the plane so after you ordered and they swiped your card they came back and said "Oh so sorry we are all out of that". Also after you pay for those seats you may or may not get them. Its not worth the hassle and all the extra fees-at the end of the day it still costs as much to fly this "discounted airline" as it would to fly one of the others that is straight forward with the charges. Stop being sneaky and underhanded Spirit no one appreciates it!
May 8th 2014 PDX-LAS. Flight 293. May 11th 2014 LAS-PDX Flight 360. The staff at the terminals are a miserable group of people and you can tell they hate their jobs. Departure was 4 hours late from talking to other people this is not unusual. Return flight was also late. Paid for the trip and bags and seats and when the departure flight was so late I had to rebook on Alaska tried to call Sprit but good luck with that. When I went to return found out they cancelled my return flight because I didn't make the original departure flight even though I paid! finally convinced the very miserable staff at the counter that it wasn't my fault I couldn't make their late flight. Flight attendants were pleasant on the flight but seemed to know that they work for a very low budget airline.
Never again will I fly Spirit this was our first and certainly our last. Our return flight from Vegas to Dallas on May 7 2014 was originally scheduled to depart at 11.35 am which turned into 8.35. No notification of flight status change until we checked in and were told it was delayed until 6.00 pm which changed to 4.00 then to being cancelled. We were given vouchers for $7 which won't even buy you a sandwich in the airport! Customer service was off the scale of being totally unsatisfactory. We paid extra to have particular seats which on our return flight we did not get. You would have thought the least that could have been done once boarded would have been to offer complimentary beverages but no such thing. The experience was a total fiasco to put it nicely. I am telling everyone I know that flies to avoid Spirit at all costs because it is not worth the few extra dollars you save for all the inconvenience and headache that comes with it. None of the other flights that came in during my 12 hour stay was on time so obviously they didn't leave on time either.
They cancelled my husband's flight 8 hours before he was to go. Only notified him through email did not offer any flight alternatives. It cost us an extra $168 to get a rush ticket with another carrier. They would not cover the difference of cost to get the flight. Poor customer service - I waited on hold for over 30 minutes - spoke with an unfriendly customer service agent. Very dissatisfied - will only use Spirit again as a last resort.
We flew from Ft. Lauderdale to LA. Spirit changed our flight out because of the flight not being fully booked. They gave us about a weeks warning so that was not too bad as we could plan accordingly. However on the way back from LA to Ft. Lauderdale we flew from LA to Chicago changed planes and the next leg went to Ft. Lauderdale. While in the air from LA to Chicago they canceled our second leg of the flight and the next flight out was 6 hours after we landed. Had they told us ahead we could have planned accordingly. But to change it during flight is inexcusable. The man at the gate was uncaring and rude. We asked if they would put us on another flight landing in a nearby town. We were told that there was no room. 10 minutes later 6 people came up to the gate late (they missed the flight we tried to get on). In other words the guy lied there was at least 6 empty seats on the plane and they could have put us on there as stand by. They also charge for sodas snacks and beverages. If you wish to pick your seat you pay for that also.
Plane was late to arrive to begin. Our flight was at 1.47pm plane arrived at 2.10. Flight attendants couldn't be found. All passengers boarded the (very dirty) plane and the pilot announced (after 30 min) that they were experiencing mechanical issues. 15 minutes later a mechanic showed up. 30 minutes later they de-boarded us. We waited around in the airport with no answers. They kept telling us that they were "holding" the connecting flight. 1.5 hrs later the problem was "fixed". All passengers boarded again. As soon as everyone was on the plane the pilot announced that the mechanical issues hadn't been resolved. We were in Fort Myers in 80 degree weather and sitting in a plane with no AC. Eventually all told to de-board. We waited in the airport again for another 1.5 hrs with still no answers other than they were still holding the connecting flight. Finally told that folks that had connecting flights needed to go back down to the Spirit ticket booth it was going to be first come first serve. Once all 60 passengers were back down at the ticket booth we again waited for at least 2 hours in line waiting for answers. They put us up in hotel rooms but never told the hotel and never notified the hotel shuttles that there were 60 people who needed transportation. We finally left the airport at 8.15pm! They gave us a food voucher $7 per person and $50 credit to fly their airline again. They are short staffed the planes are dirty and the seats don't recline. Your knees were hitting the seat in front of you. You don't get any beverages or snacks on the flight. Bottom line is it was a horrible experience. It was a cheap flight that cost our family lots of money and stress. I don't recommend giving Spirit Airlines your business.
May 6 2014. Purchased two tickets BWI to LAS depart 7.40 p from Balt. $416 plus $138 in seat selection charges. Plane delayed until 10.30p due to bird strike out of Pittsburgh. Updated to learn plane was hit by lightning twice. New departure 12.30 a. Plane coming in to Myrtle Beach that plane didn't leave a Myrtle Beach for BWI until 10.45 p. Arrived around 12.45 a. Plane was grounded. A plane which had been sitting at our gate since 10.30p was activated for our flight but it had to be prepped and fuelled. This added a half hour. We boarded around 1.15 the water system was out on this plane toilets were available but no one got to use them. We circled the tarmac and waited 30 min. for clearance to take off. Departure denied and the flight crew had timed out so we taxied back to the gate. Spirit offered us a rebook or refund. My issue is the ground logistic were to blame no departure approval they knew they were switching equipment why not gas up the plane two hours prior. The reason the flight was cancelled was not due to bird strike or lightning simple human error and gross incompetence. My wife and I arrived at BWI at 5.00 p spent $100 on airport dinner $12 to park almost 10 hours later to circle in a plane on the ground to drive home at 2.30 a. We have flown Spirit before got to where we needed to go but it really should not be this kind of gamble customers should not be treated like freight.
This was the worst flying experience I have had. I felt like I was sitting on top of the person next to me - and I am a relatively small person! I had no leg room whatsoever and my seat did not recline. How do you expect to sleep on a 5 hour red eye without even a slightly reclining seat! I even have a reclining seat when I take a $25 bus from NYC to Washington DC! They call yourself the "most affordable airline" yet you charge for everything. $30 for a checked bag!? $18 for a seat. I will never fly them again.
If you want feel miserable about yourself fly in this company. They are not cheap. They are always late. If they often cancel a flight then you will be alone buying another ticket from a real company with last minute price. There is no such thing as customer service or respect for the customer.
I hadn't flown in years and was excited to fly again. Found the best rates with Spirit and was ready to go. Everything went downhill from there. Once you arrive you get hit with all theses extra fees for everything from baggage to snacks and soda on the plane. Then the seats are so cramped this is the first plane I've been on where my knees touch the seat in front of me. In the end it would have been cheaper and more comfortable to fly with another airline. Never again will I fly with Spirit.
It is a shame that when you fly on this airline you must figure in the hours of delays and lies that the airline will give you. I was to fly from Myrtle Beach to Washington DC (Baltimore) at 5.22pm. They came across the intercom that the flight will be delayed until 8.30pm due to a bird strike against the plane. Then right before we get to board they delay it again until 10.01 due to 2 strikes of lightning against the plane. I have been watching the board and when Detroit hit their boarding time it went to 1.00am. Now the next flight out of Myrtle Beach is not until 5pm tomorrow night that is if we don't take off at 1.00am. This is not what I want from an airline.
Flying into Las Vegas there was no alcohol to be had. We were told that the passengers coming from Vegas drank it all. The seats are super tight the plane dingy and the staff were extremely rude! Also after booking flight and hotel plans needed to be changed. Even though I tried to change hotel dates to leave earlier several weeks prior to our trip there was no refund. We had to pay an astronomical amount to change our flight to come home early even though we requested the flight change weeks prior to our trip. Extra costs for boarding passes carry on's and checked luggage made this trip much more expensive than if we would have booked through another carrier. Flying home from Vegas never happened. Best case scenario flight home delayed for 6 hours. They would not comp anything and couldn't give an exact time to fly out. We were told that they would accommodate us in some unknown fashion if it the flight was delayed more than 24 hours. Needless to say we paid for another flight to get home. We will never fly Spirit Airlines again!
I have never been on a worse airline. They hook you on the rate but you end up paying for all the hidden charges. I booked this airline for the direct flight but of course that did not matter when the flight was delayed 2 hours. The plane was dirty garbage all over the floor the seats did not recline they were small with no space you had to pay for your beverages! I have a family of 4 and when I tried to reserve our 4 seats together because I have small children I had to pay $10 per seat and then for my suitcases.
I planned a trip with my family 4/12 through 4/28 to go to Guatemala to visit family. I pick Spirit Airlines because they seemed to give the best deal with later became very eye opening due to all the little charges for checking in bags and charging for everything under the sun! Because my bags were not checked in online I had to pay a carry on had to be paid for food on the plane was costly for what they had. Had I known all the money I would be charged I would have booked with a better airline. Spirit has the most unfriendly customer service people I have ever seen and were very rude to those that had questions. Spirit airlines nickeled and dimed us that it made our trip a little more stressful! I would recommend that you find another airline to fly on whenever possible. The next time I will book a flight that cost more just to avoid Spirit airlines! The seating is cramped and very uncomfortable! Inflight entertainment - what inflight entertainment. Spirit is a joke.
I feel that Spirit Airlines is in the business to nickle and dime a customer. These are the following reasons: Airline ticket may be reasonable but baggage cost $300 for 3 bags and 1 bag was a take on. Told to go online to save money for luggage prices however you had to pay additional money and/or join and pay for a membership this was not initially told to me beforehand. It was an additional $10 if you had not already printed your boarding pass plus if you wanted an assigned seat that was also an additional $15. The plane seats were horrible you could not recline in them how would your back feel flying from Baltimore to Vegas round-trip it was like standing up the entire time! Finally the bundle menu the prices were terrible and utilizing a credit card for a soda and cookies for $10 is ridiculous. Furthermore if your luggage was over 50lbs you are looking at an additional $80. Never again.
On the 4 flights I took with Spirit between April 24th and May 1st to Costa Rica from LAX and back the flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Costa Rica was delayed several hrs and both returning trips were delayed. One of which was my return trip from Costa Rica to LAX in which the layover flight at Ft. Lauderdale was pushed back until 11pm which meant our flight would land at LAX to 2am. When I asked the customer service rep at Ft. Lauderdale if the airline could arrange for a shuttle or taxi to get me home because of the third delay of the 4 flights she said she could do nothing but arrange for better seats for us. That meant very little to me considering Spirit has some of the worst seats I've sat in. Once on the plane I figured Spirit would at least offer their passengers a complimentary bottle of water for another delay. But no they still wanted to charge us their insanely high prices for their beverages and food. All in all Spirit offered the worst flight experience I've ever had.
I was denied my seat by the ticket agents. I arrived as instructed over an hour before the flight (ATL-LAS). When I went to check in at the kiosk a ticket agent explicitly told me to stop and stand in a different line. Once the agents finished texting and chatting with each other they finally got to me - only to declare that I'd missed check-in. When I protested that I'd been standing in line the whole time waiting for them they said I should have checked in via a kiosk. I replied that I had been checking in until they told me to stop and get in another line. Then they offered to rebook me on a flight leaving 2 days later. The whole time I was at the ticket counter the other agents were busy taking complaints from other customers.
Our first time flying with Spirit was March 2014. We boarded plane on time but sat waiting for over 1 hour with no explanation from the pilot or flight attendants. One passenger finally fed up made a comment to one of the flight attendants stating that someone should make some kind of announcement as to what was going on. Shortly thereafter the pilot made an announcement that the problem was an oxygen tank in the cockpit. Flight attendants were very rude and chatted amongst themselves most of the time. Our second and last time was the end of April. It should be noted both flights were booked at the same time otherwise we would have gone with another airliner. Flight was to leave at 7.20am but arrived late. Announcement was made that there will be a further delay because apparently the plane had hit a bird and it was to undergo an engine check. Pilots and flight attendants left the plane and 2 hours later it was fixed pilots boarded however no flight attendants were to be found another 1/2 hour passed before the attendants arrived. We finally boarded and made it home. On both flights the attendants could have been more respectful and just polite. Food purchases available could broadened. Flight #'s and info can be given if requested. We fly twice yearly at the least and would rather pay more to have polite attendants who keep their passengers inform if delayed have bigger seats and more choices for beverage and especially food.
My wife had a one hour flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Tampa at 9.45pm. It was then delayed until midnight. There was no problem with the plane they just didn't have anyone to fly it! About a half hour before they were supposed to board the flight gets delayed again! This time they will not be leaving until 1am. This airline should be ashamed of itself. No compensation was offered just a half hearted apology. We will never fly Spirit again. I will pay extra to stay away.
This is an airline I will go out of my way to avoid. Small seats rude flight attendants delays and cancellations - it is the worst! They advertise super low fares but then charge you 3.00 for a glass of water and 25.00 for a carry on. They push a credit card application on you - promising mileage bonus coupons for completing it and turning it back in before you leave the plane. Then when you try to have the coupons applied to your account - they do not honor them. Complaints get you nowhere. It is not cheaper and I will pay extra to avoid this airline in the future.
Santo Domingo to Fort Lauderdale. The worst nickle and dime airline I have been on. It started at the counter in Santo Domingo. I had purchased a $45 carry-on baggage online. When I got to the airport I bought some rum. As I was connecting to Fort Lauderdale to Bahamas I would not be allowed to carry the liquor through. So I placed it in my carry-on and decided to check it in. I told the Customer service rep that I did purchase a carry-on for $45 but needed the bag checked in. The seats are right on top of you. There is no space to stretch your legs. If I don't pay for an exit row it is an uncomfortable experience. Then you have to pay for everything water cookies chips anything. The only hot meal they can offer you is a Cup O noodle soup. After I arrived the international area was crazy. We must have arrived with 4 or 5 other airlines. I had to wait over 2 hours to clear immigration. When I entered the Customs area I knew I would miss my flight. I asked the Gate agent if she could assist me because I only had an hour and a half before my flight. The staff member walked off. I am sorry but that is not how you retain customers and I can assure you unless Spirit is the only airline flying somewhere I need to go I will never patronize this airline again.
I have flown Spirit several times in the past for the low fares and tolerate the bad service for the lower fares. I will never use Spirit again after what happened today. My wife's booked 2 tickets on the 4.25pm flight from D/FW to O'Hare. I was driving them to the airport at 2.30pm when she received an email from Spirit that the flight was delayed until 6pm. She checked the website and called customer service and confirmed the new flight time. We came home and then left at 4.20 to return to the airport. My wife checked the flight info and it was now moved back to the original time of 4.25pm. Once at the gate the agents explained that the delay was cancelled and that the flight was on time and it was our fault for not being at the airport at the original scheduled time. They recommended to catch the next flight at 6am the next day. Spirit reminded us the tickets were non-refundable and would give us vouchers for another flight to be used within 90 days. They finally agreed to refund the ticket prices when they verified they had sent an email about they new flight time however no deal on the $80.00 unused baggage fees we paid.
Terminal was overcrowded plane was full no movies no snacks not even water rough 5.5 hr flight. Seat belt sign on the whole time discouraging bathroom breaks especially for older people.
Spirit isn't cheap as they advertise the cost of the ticket then the charge for a bag (even a carry-on is charged) $3.00 for water even more for snacks by the time you pay for everything it is around the same price as other airlines. The seats in Spirit are small I am a short average woman and I didn't even fit into their seats at least with other airlines I always have enough room. The airline staff were horrible they were always chit chatting with each other or someone they knew on the plane. I will never fly or recommend Spirit airlines.
Our flight from Cancun to Ft. Lauderdale on Sunday 4/27/14 was delayed more than 2 hours due to an issue with one of their aircraft. This caused many people to miss their connecting flights which is understandable. But the next available flights on Spirit to various destinations (Boston Denver Detroit Orlando New York etc.) ranged from 24 to more than 72 hours later. Families with small children coming home from spring break were told that they would have to wait until Thursday to fly to Boston. Further Spirit management did nothing to provide hotel accommodations for anyone stuck in Ft. Lauderdale nor did they attempt to contract with other carriers to get any of these people home. The only message they gave us is that this is company policy. When some people became outwardly angry due to the time and financial hardships caused by this airline Broward county sheriff's deputies were called in to keep order. Interestingly one deputy told us they see this on an almost daily basis regarding Spirit because of so many people's frustration with this airline. Spirit has clearly put their bottom line far above customer service and care. We will never fly this airline again.
We have flown on all the major airlines we decided to try Spirit it was cheaper and I know why. It is like traveling in a sardine can no leg room seats didn't recline. I kept getting a knee in my back because the seats had no padding. After this trip if I have to fly I will never fly Spirit airlines again.
Absolutely the worst airline operating today. On my flight to DFW from Las Vegas I guess the flight attendants were having a bad day because none of them smiled and they were rude. Granted everyone has a bad day every now and then but this flight crew were rude and snobby. Prior to boarding the plane the desk attendant called for boarding zone 1 but 5 seconds later made an announcement for all boarding which created a cluster because now everyone was in line. Returning to Vegas was just as bad although the plane we were on experienced delays due to repairs. I think I'll just stick with Southwest Airlines for my economy flights.
I flew Spirit a couple of years ago to Miami FL. During that time I was not charged a fee to carry on a small roller bag going or coming back. This year I had the exact same bag and did not purchase the carry on fee because it was free before. Now I fly out of DFW and when I get to the terminal and wasn't allowed to board because I did not pay for my bag in advance. They allow one carry-on bag free of charge but was told that my bag was too big and I also had my purse in my carry-on bag. Now they want to charge me $100! How did a carry-on bag go from $35 online to $100 at the gate on the exact same day? I told them that I had used the same bag before and wasn't charge so I asked if it was a new policy and was told that this policy had been in place for the past 3 years. Needless to say I ended up having to pay $100 for a small roller-bag and the lady in front of me was just as furious! Yes the flights are cheap but they will get you in some small way to make up for the cheap flights!
Flew round trip from Detroit to Ft. Myers Fl April 12 and April 19th. What happened to Spirit? Last time I flew with this airline was 9 years ago and I did not have 1 complaint but this time? Filthy is the first word that comes to mind. Food on the floors dirty greasy seats and when I told the attendant that the tray table was filthy she handed me a napkin. Before I left I looked in the seat pouch to see if there were any comment cards and found a used vomit bag. Used. Besides the crud the luggage prices are ridiculously high. They charge $45 for a carry-on bag when you use the 24 hour check-in services online ($55 if you check-in at the airport). These are only one-way so for a round-trip flight double those amounts. To choose your seat Spirit will charge you $18 one-way. Double that amount if you want it for a round-trip vacation. So if you would like to sit next to your friend spouse children parents etc. then it will cost you nearly $40 extra. I would never fly Spirit again.
I flew from Chicago to South Carolina and back. Yes the flight was cheap and even paying for our bag still cheaper than anything else we could get. It is extremely annoying to constantly be asked for money while traveling. For your bags if you want a specific seat for water etc. don't expect to get anything without paying for it! Be prepared to wait in a long line if checking a bag as everyone checks a bag. The staff in South Carolina were very nice regarding weight I think they realized their weight restriction is less than other airlines as they gave us a little wiggle room (most airlines are 50lbs they are 40lbs). If you fly Spirit pay for bag before checking in online it's the cheapest. If your flying with someone else book tickets together because your seats will probably end up together and bring snacks.
Flying Detroit to Dallas and the flight was delayed 4 hours because the tail of the plane was broken. Apparently there are no back up planes. Called Spirit customer service twice and received attitude. They would not book us on another airline and only offered a 60 day voucher but they would not tell us the amount or cap for this voucher. They also would not cover the taxes and fees associated with the voucher or any of the other nickel and dime fees that come standard with flying Spirit. They offer the cheapest tickets because no one wants to fly their terrible airline and because they scrap their quality from the bottom of the barrel across the board.
I am not a person who flies often. However my experience with Spirit Airlines was the least enjoyable of any trip to date. The airports were dingy and dirty the air planes were small and the seats were uncomfortable. These areas of discomfort would have been on the verge of acceptable if the cost of our flights really were less expensive than the other air lines. In the end the cost of the bags (with a weight of 40 pounds max) the cost of a carry on and the fact that we had to pay to select our seat increased the cost of the flight to be equal of other carriers. The level of delays not just for our flight but for every flight that day (and not related to weather) was unbelievable. The saving quality of Spirit was the staff. Everyone was pleasant and helpful even in the midst of cranky customers.
Bogota to Las Vegas via Fort Lauderdale. Terrible experience very dirty flight and extremely disorganized passenger service and operations. This airline having know the fact that it takes time to go through border control and homeland security gave us less than 1 hour at Fort Lauderdale airport to go through the security and immigration check during peak hours with over 300 odd passengers in a queue. This was at 18.45 hrs I was supposed to be on my next flight unfortunately with Spirit at 20.00 so we had roughly 35 mins. As a result I missed my flight. In spite of the fact that the airlines knew that so many passengers were stuck in the queue with immigration they didn't bother to delay the flight by few minutes and left us in limbo. I went to the service staff and they said they could not ud to Las Vegas that night but the day after. They wouldn't provide a hotel but said they could get me to LAX airport that night and I could make my way to Las Vegas by taxi (at my own cost ). This flight was delayed by nearly 3 hours and I reached LAX at 2.30 in the on 15th leaving me no way whatsoever to reach Las Vegas by 4 am to board my next flight. I had to buy another ticket for my international flight for roughly $900.
Sure get a cheap flight but you'll get to spend hours and hours at the airport waiting to get on your flight. I am in the middle of 3 hour delay that has been upgraded to a 6 hour delay. I could have spent this time on something productive instead of sitting in an airport. My mother's last trip involving Spirit included a 2 hour delay and on my last flight with spirit it was a 3 hour delay. Change your name to Delay Airlines.
I recently flew round-trip from Detroit MI to Las Vegas NV April 4th and April 7th 2014. The airplanes that Spirit used for both of these flights were absolutely filthy (grease prints from foreheads on the backs of the seats and dirt on the floors). But this was the least of my complaints really. Spirit charges $45 for a carry-on bag when you use the 24 hour check-in services online ($55 if you check-in at the airport). If you would like to check your bag when you use the 24 hour check-in services online then it is $40 ($50 if you check-in at the airport). Oh and these are only one-way so for a round-trip flight double those amounts. I ended up paying $90 just to bring my carry-on bag on the plane with me. To choose your seat Spirit will charge you $18 one-way. Double that amount if you want it for a round-trip vacation. So if you would like to sit next to your friend significant other children parents etc. then it will cost you nearly $40 extra. Those complimentary beverages? On Spirit they are not complimentary. $3 per beverage and obviously no free refills. So while Spirit may advertise with those low prices flights they will then screw you over by charging you a ridiculous amount for luggage (both carry-on and checked) your seat and beverages that would otherwise be complimentary if you had chosen another airline. Do not fly with them!
This is the worst airline I have booked through. There is a fee to pick your own seats nothing is transferable if something beyond your control comes up. This is just not a consumer friendly airline it's just plain greedy. It's not comfortable in the seats and they make you pay for every single thing. I will NEVER book through this airline again they are the most greedy airline imaginable. Anything they can possibly make you pay for you better believe they will. The service is horrible. Nothing was good about this experience.
My sister and I flew to South Carolina and before we flew my husband called Spirit to see what the procedure was for checking baggage. He was told that although the internet says to pay $25 online or $50 at check-in or $100 at the gate we didn't have to. We flew out of Chicago O'Hare Airport with no problem. When departing South Carolina we were told as we were boarding that we had to pay $100 to carry a back pack and 1 piece of luggage with us on the plane. We and 3 other people had to pay $100 for nothing. It wasn't a problem going there suddenly it's a problem? I will never fly with this airline again.
Denver International Airport to Las Vegas Nevada airport. Flight number 719 on March 19th 2014 and back to Denver March 22nd on flight 562. Terrible experience both to my destination and back. I fly a lot and was very disappointed. The fees for the bags are crazy. I was able to get on the plane to my destination without a fee. Then on the way home they charged me for the exact same bag that had the exact same things in it.
Looks like cheaper airfare but is not! Don't be fooled. Tons of add on expenses include: Baggage seats fare club membership government's cut security fee passenger facility fee segment fee and federal excise tax. I accidentally paid for 4 bags to check online and only needed to check 2.
The other day was the first time my wife and I have flown Spirit and it will be the last. Their bait and switch marketing is offensive. Save $100 on the ticket only to see it go right back to the company via seat charges (assuming spouses want to sit together) a baggage fee of $30/bag and a weight of 40 lbs (not the standard 50 lbs for most carriers) a personal items list that for many likely results in a "carry-on" bag fee the constant notice that you better get all of our a la carte pricing right or we will soak you $100/bag at the gate or charge you for not handling all ticketing and check-in online. There were charges for everything on the drink cart except tap water - which wasn't offered. I was waiting for them to announce a bathroom use fee. At the end of it all we arrived early only to sit on the runway for 50 minutes more making us overall 30 minutes late. The baggage claim carrousel was changed with no announcement. The airlines touts that it is all about saving people money and statements that is completely up front with their policies is garbage! I've been in business for over 50 years and have flown a lot of miles. We will obviously never fly them again.
Hidden fees all over terrible customer service rude staff in every department! Every bag you have is extra money checked bags carry on bags and they tell you none of this until after you have bought your ticket. It even costs money to print your boarding pass at the airport. Your carry on can weigh 50 lbs which costs you different amounts based on when and where you tell them you have a carry on. Then if you check a bag it costs you another 50 bucks if it weighs over 40lbs! I have flown plenty this is by far the worst experience I have had with an airline.
Because their rate was much lower than all other carriers I decided to try Spirit for my recent Chicago to Las Vegas round trip. I found the planes to be reasonably modern and the service to be fine but what really bugged me was that they charged for everything! Seats checked bag carry on luggage (if you do not pay at time of booking it jumps to $100 per piece at the gate) beverages (including water and coffee!) and snacks. I understand that it is a low-fare and no frills airline but really must you need to charge for everything? This cannot be a long term business model. You don't feel that you got the value for your money. I am a frequent business flyer who logs between 40-50 thousand miles per year. I have a few favorites but I am always on the look out for options. Needless to say Spirit has been erased from my list. I don't have much spirit for this airline.
Flight from LaGuardia to MCO (Orlando) with a connecting flight in Detroit - absolutely mortified with the check in service at LaGuardia. My 17 year old son brought his skateboard on the flight as it is permitted with the TSA guidelines. When we got to check in the man at the desk said Spirit has different policies but he would allow it if we pay extra $50 to bring the skateboard on the plane. He said he would call the gate to let them know. When we got to the gate the people almost didn't allow us - the guy at check in didn't call. When we got into the plane my son had his board and the people on board said oh yeah that's fine! When we got to Detroit we looked at the receipt to explain to the next flight attendants and we were shocked when we saw $110 on the receipt. The man at check in deliberately lied to us. Spirit flight was fine no TVs but that's fine. Absolutely outraged by the check in service at LaGuardia.
On Sunday March 30 2014 my husband and I endured the worst experience we have dealt with regarding any airline. From the moment we got into the line to proceed to the service counter where we engaged with the rudest of service reps to the poor representation or should I say lack of representation when I called to check on a charge for our carry-on luggage and additional charge for so called extra poundage on our check-in bag. The bag (they said) was 7 lbs. over when on a previous flight with JetBlue it was 4 lbs. under. How does that work? Never fly again with them.
Had to find quick non-stop flight from Dallas to Orlando. Spirit fit the time frame and would have me there by 7.08pm. When we arrived at DFW flight was on time. Then at 1.30 the flight board showed a 90 minute delay. By 2.30 it was a 3 hour delay. Instead of leaving at 3.39pm it was now a 6.45pm departure. First time my wife and flew Spirit and was surprised at all of the added fees. Time was of the essence so we gave it a shot due to having 'lower' rates. Total cost would have been comparable to other rates from airlines with a better on time average which I learned while sitting waiting for my very delayed flight. I will always take a few minutes and always check an airline out online if I am not familiar with them.
The worst airline I have flown! Filthy seats too small. Seats don't recline jammed 3 in a row and you had to keep your body still or you hit the person either side. Stewardesses? Looked bored and put out when asked a question. Hit with baggage fees on check-in pay to sit next to the person you traveled with! Will never fly this airline again.
The worst flight experience my husband and I have had! It cost more for our 2 carry-ons than the cost of our tickets. The flight attendant who checked the boarding passes was terribly rude and unprofessional the service on the plane was outrages. Nothing is free even the water. Narrow seats dehydration one restroom out of order. We flew from O'Hare to San Diego on March 28 2014. At the gate I went first pulling my carry on at the plane entrance I noticed my husband was not behind me. I went back to check and saw my husband being charged for his carry on. At that time the attendant started yelling 'They have two they have two' so the attendant charged my husband another $100 for my carry on! There was no explanation no kindness. It wasn't my fault that the flight attendant let me go at first and then when I came back she treated me like prey she has missed! I will never ever fly with Spirit again.
One of the worst staff ever experienced. Onboard staff was so rude and don't help. They did not let us use the bathrooms when seat belt sign was turned off and bathroom was empty but staff was using it. Our child was coughing and needed a glass of water first they asked me to pay $3 before giving him water. They charge for everything bag seat water food. Its looks cheap when we search for the deals but there are hidden prices which makes it expensive in the end. I will never go back and would not recommend them.
Booked flight through Travelocity and had questions about seat selection check-in etc. Checked Spirit's site and needed assistance called twice girl who answered first call was annoyed with my questions and young man who answered second call was very helpful and courteous. Flew PHL to Vegas-delayed both ways but figure that can happen with any airline-however comfort was affected by broken seat backs and garbage in seat pockets (liquor bottle in one water bottle and wad of papers with gum stuck to both) taking up leg room. Also had to brush peanut skins and crumbs from my seat to join the pile on the floor before sitting down. Never mind that beverages were not complimentary they were served but once at the beginning of a 5.5 hour flight. I am truly glad that I finally did make sense of the site and the charges before flying and knew to print boarding passes and pay for seat assignments and avoid the ridiculously high fees charged at the airport for luggage. I am satisfied only with the fact that we reached our destination safely.
I'm 5'11" and Spirit's seats may not be super comfortable but at least there is the saving grace that seats do not recline. There's nothing worse than barely fitting your legs in the first place only to have the person in front of you lean their seat back! I've flown Spirit twice so far round trip flights from Minneapolis to Chicago. The flight is only a little over an hour long and for $35 I guess I can put up with a bit of discomfort for an hour. What really gets me however is not the size of the seat (to be honest even higher-priced airline seats are hardly comfortable) but the deplorable customer service at check-in. I checked a bag on my latest return flight from Chicago but had already checked in online. The system / boarding pass said that I could quick-check the bag - so I went to the airport not expecting to wait in line. After printing out my boarding pass at the kiosk I stood for a while in the quick-check line section. When free one of the four or five reps at the counter asked if she could help me and I told her I just wanted to drop my bag use the quick-check. She told me "Oh we don't have that this morning you'll have to wait in line" (instead of just taking the bag which would have taken the same amount of time). So I went back to stand in line for about 20 minutes. When I finally get back to the counter a different rep tells me "You should really hurry this flight is about to board." After getting through O'Hare's tediously slow security lines I finally did manage to catch the flight - feeling frustrated and impatient about the whole experience. Next time I will fly on a different airline. Even though cheap fares are tempting I have a sneaking feeling that they're not worth the savings.
My family traveled to Ft Lauderdale in February. The trip down was fine. The trip back very upsetting primarily due to extremely rude employees. We switched seats online prior to our return flight to the row behind the exit. It was clear we were traveling with an infant and car seat. We were seated at the beginning of the flight in the row behind the exit. We sat there with the employees passing by us for over 2.5 hours. In the last 30-45 minutes an attendant came up and said 'we have a problem' and she ordered us to move because we apparently couldn't be seated with a car seat behind the exit row. We questioned this order because there was only 30-45 minutes left on the flight. So we moved without any help. We accept the baggage limitations and paid for our suitcases. We accept it's a discount airline. We do not accept despicable treatment of paying customers.
Spirit airlines has been my worst experience flying. First of all who charges for carry on and still puts the most outrageous policies on check ins. The worst part is they don't bother to tell you when you are buying your ticket that way you don't know and you are forced to pay for it when you get there. Then they charge for boarding passes and for not having a random seat. The staff and their rude attitudes did not make it any better. Being a college student and thinking you got a deal with this flight only to realize that they charge you for everything else. I didn't know what to expect after that. I will never fly this airline again. I'd rather pay for an expensive flight that doesn't nickel and some you at every corner.
Poor service poor communication poor quality. You couldn't even make up how bad they are. Oversold flight. We had a 6 hour delay that was identified 30 minutes prior to our departure as a result we missed our connecting flight. Missed two days of work. Only offered a 50 dollar voucher for all the inconvenience. Not even their 800 number is user friendly. Keep your voucher I don't plan on traveling with Spirit again. Was told at the airport the plane had broken down in Boston the pilot had a different story. Spent $1000 for two tickets what a deal.
It cost more for our luggage to fly than it did for my wife and I. Tried to check-in online the Spirit system would not let me in so if I wanted to pay for my bags online it was not possible. Spirit airlines has no idea what customer service means. Fees are fees and I pay them on all the airlines but every other airline I do business with lets me know what the fees are when I'm making reservations so I know my complete budget ahead of time. My wife's carryon fit in their little gage hole but they said it was 2mm to high with the handle. I will pay higher rates to avoid ever having to be subjected to that again.
You get what you pay for. I was forced to give at least one star otherwise I would have given zero for seat comfort and inflight entertainment (there is none). I am not a tall person and I have never had my knees so scrunched up on any other airline. Also if you do decide to fly on the cheap with Spirit (not advisable in my opinion) wait to check in and you will get a better seat' if you check in 23 hours in advance they'll give you the poorest seat unless you pay for it but if you wait they will be forced to give you one of the "premium" seats for free.
Personnel and flights ok but often delayed/late. In spite of fees for seats and carry-on luggage you can save $$ by joining $9 club. Seat rows are closer than most others so if you're tall this can be quite uncomfortable. Seat backs are not adjustable-ugh! Trying to talk a live person and get help is impossible. I changed my internet provider and cannot make a reservation using my $9 club membership. I've called all of their phone numbers and cannot get to a live person other than someone "selling" me something who cannot help with changing my email address. Maddening and frustrating to say the least and I'm a $9 club member. I may never fly Spirit.
My first (and last) flight with Spirit Airline very negative to say the least! I'd recommend anyone who considers this airline to read the fine print. The baggage fees are outrageous they don't even give you a complimentary drink the seats do not recline and there is little leg room the flight attendants are not friendly needless delayed flights gate changes and just a downright greedy airline! There was no inflight entertainment and the "food" (snacks) and drinks were extremely overpriced.
Delayed when we left LGA to Myrtle Beach by 1.5 hours. Delayed 2.5 hours returning. Computer glitch. We were on the runway and about to take off had to go back to terminal. Took off 54 Golf bags. Refuelled and took off. Never told about the bags. Bunch of golfers standing around waiting for bags in baggage claim. After 30 minutes finally told. Still don't have my bag. 5 days and no one picks up phone when calling.
Delayed about 1.5 hours leaving and almost 4 hours on my trip back. Only offered a 50 dollar voucher for all the inconvenience. Not even their 800 number is user friendly. Keep your voucher don't plan on traveling with Spirit again. Was told at the airport the plane had broken down not what the pilot said when they finally arrived. Couldn't even offer a complementary drink for all the hassle you had to buy. Low class service.
I would try to avoid flying Spirit Airlines. You have to pay for carry on you have to pay for checked baggage they want you to pay extra for your seat. They aren't small costs you pay for your flight and then have an extra $100-200 in other fees to pay. This is so frustrating.
Flight 939 Denver to Phoenix March 28 2014. The 'ol bait and switch. "Our prices are the best! We undersell our competitors by $20 on average!" Sounds great right? Then you get an email the week of your trip: "Pay Only for What You Use!" Its their pay for your bag policy. Spirit actually charges between $25 and $50 for a carry on bag - depending on how far in advance you purchase. There go those highly touted savings. Good luck to you if you're one of those poor souls who doesn't see this before getting to the gate. Spirit's website lists that "modest fee" as $100 per bag per passenger. I didn't fully appreciate how good I had it with United and Frontier prior to this experience.
New York to Bogota. All of my flights departed on time and arrived earlier than estimated. The flight was ok the prices for snacks were reasonable although there weren't many options the biggest problem in the flight were that the chairs don't recline at all. Another big problem is that all low-cost airlines charge you for the checked bags but Spirit also charges for carry-on luggage which I found out after I paid for the ticket with that extra payment it ended up costing the same as a regular flight with United. Heads up! They also charge you for choosing seats! I wouldn't recommend it because you can get a cheap flight with all of the comforts needed without paying more.
O'Hare to LAX didn't realize all the extra charges for bags seating etc. Flight was miserable. Ended up flying back with Virgin America instead.
I travelled to El Salvador in South America 10 days ago. When returning to NYC my first flight was delayed and that caused me to miss my connecting flight. Their only option was to stay in El Salvador from Sunday that I was supposed to leave all the way to Wednesday! They offer to give me a partial refund but was not even going to cover a fraction of a new last minute ticket! I managed to convince them to put me on stand by for the following connecting flight and after 10hrs delay I was able to be in NYC on Sunday. When we arrived to NYC they called our names and the lady at baggage claim told us our bags could not be delivered. Today is Monday afternoon and I still do not know where my bags are.
A disaster. Flight delayed 1.5 hours out and 7 hours back. Gate did not work at LaGuardia after we landed 6 hours late and everyone had to stay seated for an extra hour until we were towed to another gate. Then about 30-50 people never got their luggage on a non stop flight from Myrtle Beach to LaGuardia! No one to talk to when you call for baggage voicemail tells you to call airport. Airport says call Spirit.
My husband and I booked a last-minute trip on Spirit when we had two previously planned trips cancelled due to Noreaster snow storms. Beginning with check-in there was no rhyme or reason to the process. A Spirit Airlines employee was randomly pulling the queue elastics this way and that to create new lines. Individuals began pushing in front of others in an attempt to get to the counter. In reading other reviews it appears that there are random luggage (poundage) limits at different times and locations. Some mentioned 45 some 50 (what most of us expect). In Baltimore it was 40 pounds. An extra $105! Coming back it was $50 for the same weight. Flight times offered for our route were very inconvenient and limited. Many reviews speak of rude employees. Our "attendants" were not rude. They did however appear that they showed up to work in whatever they had on at the moment. I cannot state how unprofessional this operation is. You will end up paying more for an incredibly inferior product. In return you will have seats offering literally no room to move zero ability to recline your seat back no complimentary beverage (including water) and a distinct lack of professionalism and standards.
Please ensure you understand all baggage policies and fees prior to booking with Spirit. While this airline markets good prices for tickets you definitely end up paying more on the back end. Not worth the hassle on the extra fees and the poor customer service. One example we experienced was the delayed landing into Ft. Lauderdale due to fog. I understand and respect the fact we could not land and had to fly to Ft. Myers FL until we got clearance. However I was appalled by the fact Spirit had to re-fuel in Ft. Myers. On top of that they did not even offer complimentary water during the entire 3.5 hr delay while we were on flight. This is just to name one incident. There are more but too many to list in this review. All I can say is you should consider another airline as you will end up paying the same amount considering their "extra baggage fees" check-in hassle and poor customer service.
Their "Fast Bag Drop" at MSP took longer than most normal check-ins at a regular airline and at LAX we had a line of over 100 people as they were having computer issues and the employee's stated it was a common occurrence. Once in the plane the seat arrangements are uncomfortable and unsafe for passengers and crew. Every passenger over 5'8" had to straddle the seat in front of them and everyone on the aisle row had their leg in the aisle as you could not sit in your seat with your feet in front of you. Your knees would pushed up against the metal seat frame in front of you. When we landed at LAX and the pilot hit the brakes a bit hard to make a turnoff myself and three others around me all jammed our knees into the metal frames. When I said something to the flight attendant they stated it was a common occurrence and apologized for the seats being so close.
From ORD on March 21 to Las Vegas returning 3/25/14. Some of the time on our flights the staff were great but on the return flight the staff patronized everyone on the plane. I have not been a child for over 20 years I have never been told that if you need to use lavatory on an airplane that one needs to wait in their seat until no one is in the lavatory because we are not allowed to congregate. If you want to get screwed by hidden fees delayed flights and not even a glass of complementary water go to Spirit. I have traveled a lot via planes and now I realize that saving $30.00 in the beginning is a gimmick. I have never checked in a bag that only allowed 40lbs and charged $50.00 to check it in I think $1.25 a pound is a little extreme. I am glad that I had a heads up about the fees but many foreigners on this airline were being charged $100.00 because they did not understand these crazy fees. The only explanation they were given was its on our website.
My husband and I flew from Phoenix AZ to Dallas TX on Spirit Airlines. We purchased 2 one way tickets separately leaving from Phoenix then returning from Dallas back to Phoenix. It was cheaper this way. The tickets in total were $336 which was great but paid another $66 going for a checked bag and seat assignments. Returning was even worse! This time 1 carry on $45 and 1 checked bag $35. Then when we got to the airport it was another $25 for the checked bag so in total $110 for bags. So in total for this trip it cost $512. I advise anyone to steer clear of this airline due to all of the extra charges. Low airfares yes however they make up for it in so many other ways. The leg room was horrible and the seats don't recline at all. It was an extremely unpleasant flight.
My daughter and 3 friends flew to Ft Lauderdale last week. This is the worst airline out there! Flight delayed then diverted (I called for update on flight and was told flight didn't even take off and passengers were put on JetBlue to arrive the next day! Flight was in Atlantic City refuelling). They nickel and dime you for everything even water seats tOo close to each other flight attendants are obviously not paid well because they were miserable! I don't care how cheap they are I would never use again.
I flew from Detroit to Vegas last week. I arrived to check in and there were 50 in line and two people working. There was one kios machine that wasn't working. I couldn't believe all the hidden fees especially the cost for a carry on bag or if you don't have a boarding pass. They also charge you for drinks. There was a CBS special on Sunday morning showing how terrible as far as hidden costs and no leg room this airline is and how they squeeze 30 extra seats on the plane. No wonder they are trying to limit the weight of bags to help save on fuel because there are 30 extra people on board the flights! Never again will I fly Spirit. I'd rather spend the money up front get more leg room and drinks. I don't like the failure to be up front about costs.
I will not be foolish enough to use this airline again. Make sure to read the small print about carry on luggage. I have a very small carry on roller that they would not let me carry on even though it was under weight and would have fit easily in the overhead. They claimed that it would not because the Airbus 319 did not have big enough overhead bins and it would not fit under the seat - I had to pay an extra $45 each way to bring my bag - which far surpassed the savings. Add to that the unhelpful and slightly rude check in crew and you end up with a less than desirable experience.
March 20 2014. I paid $491 rt from LAX to Fort Lauderdale plus a $100 for my tiny carry on plus $32 for the seats - total $629. I have never flown this airline before and never will again! Horrible customer service cramped seats no radio or TV smelly and the dirtiest bathrooms I have used! I will never recommend or fly this airline!
Flew from Chicago to Ft Lauderdale 3/17/14. Horrible service. $190 to check our bag plus $25 for 8# overage. Very rude staff at airport. They didn't help with anything! Nothing complimentary on this flight. I will never fly with them again.
Flight #428 TPA-MSP March 23rd 2014. The worst flying experience I have had. Departure was delayed 5 hrs into the wee hours of the morning I had to call my family 4 times when departure kept being changed. I can truly say that I will never fly Spirit again.
Family had tickets to fly from Latrobe PA to Orlando on Mar 22 2014 - was told to arrive at airport 2 hrs early. flight was to leave at 5.50pm. Around the time when passengers should have boarded the plane they announced the plane was delayed due to hitting a bird on the way in to PA. Was told the plane would leave around 8pm. Needless to say had to stay at a hotel until the next morning was told to arrive at 6am plane was scheduled to leave at 8am - this never happened. Plane left at 1pm. Family had to cancel trip since they could not arrive in Orlando port in time. They are rude and do not communicate to their passengers when they do communicate it is all lies. Never fly this airlines - the small discount in price is not worth all the headaches you will experience with Spirit!
I have used many airlines but Spirit is the worst one of all. They charge you for both carry-on and check-in bags. I understand check-in bags but charging for carry-on? Carry-on is more expensive than check in. I ended up spending $80 just to check in my bag round trip. Only reason I chose spirit was because their tickets were cheap but in the end it caused far more inconvenience for the same price. I did not make the flight and I ended up having to stay at the Arizona sky harbor airport for over 10 hours extra. I called customer service line and all they kept saying was that they can't do anything over the phone and I have to talk to the gate agent. Needless to say I will not be flying Spirit again.
I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. They slap on ridiculous fees for everything - including (1) fees for checked bags and carry-on bags (2) fees for the option to select your seat and (3) $3 for even water! I am 6'5" and generally have no problem fitting in airline seats but was not even able to fit into the seats on Spirit Airlines. Most cramped I've ever been. When I called Spirit trying to ask questions their phone service was horrendous and I couldn't even talk to a real person!
After 7 hours of delays canceled flight rescheduled flight for following morning 6 hours of delays - zero explanation and horrendous customer service.
It was unbelievable that you didn't even get a drink or snack for a 5 hour flight! Also a fee for a seat? To really top it off the two seats directly in front of me were broken and pushed forward with caution-like tape wrapped all around them! I've never seen anything like it. This left me unable to get a drink if I wanted because I had no tray to place it on. What blew me away was there was no apology or explanation about the seats and no complimentary offers due to the major inconvenience. The flight attendants acted like there was nothing abnormal at all! I will be sure to tell everyone not to fly this airline.
I will never fly with Spirit Airlines again. This airline charges far too much. I had to pay $150 extra dollars just to check a bag and bring a carry-on round-trip and pay $10 for my seats each way! There should not be a charge for seats especially if I'm already purchasing a ticket. All of the staff members were incredibly rude. My flight had a 2 hour delay and we weren't even offered refreshments as a gesture to make up for our time. The refreshments were extremely overpriced We didn't even get a complementary cup of water! The flight attendants were not friendly. My flight was from Chicago (ORD) to San Diego (SAN).
We had the displeasure of being on the March 7th flight departing from Plattsburg New York heading for Fort Lauderdale (flight #451). Flight was delayed until the next day. They told us to come back at 8am by that time we checked in and went through security to find out that the flight had been delayed again. They only offered to refund us but as per theirContract of Carriage we were more that 2 hours delayed this implies that someone should of offered us re-accommodation or rebook us on another flight. This was never offered.
Picked Spirit because they offered the cheapest price for my flight. However you don't get to all the hidden fees until it's too late! I spent nearly the same amount of money paying for fees like carry-on fees fees to pick a seat and then water isn't even complimentary inflight. In the end I'd rather fly with a better airline if the price is the same. Not choosing spirit for future travels. Not recommended unless you are traveling with just a personal bag not an actual carry-on luggage. Unbelievable. What was supposed to be an affordable flight turned into a bait and switch situation. I'd rather pay full price than be deceived. Do not pick seats in row 10 as they do not recline.
March 13 flight 245 from Chicago to Las Vegas return on March 17 flight 446. Worst airline of all time. Cheap tickets? They charged for bags (carry on or checked) charged for seats charged for coffee on the plane. I was told to sit for my wheelchair request getting to the plane when it was in final boarding! I'd still be sitting there if I hadn't asked again for assistance. Staff seemed completely uninterested in passengers at the airport. Never again.
My husband and I had a flight last week back to Houston TX from LA. We were about to leave for the airport when my husband got a notification not from spirit airlines that our flight was delayed. When we were on our way to the airport for the second time he decided to check again to see what our flight status was and it was cancelled. We did not receive an email from spirit indicating that our flight was cancelled. By far the worst airline! This was the first time we have taken this airline and will be the last time we do so. The flight tickets maybe cheap but it is not worth it in the end.
We booked a trip to Vegas for our son's 21st birthday when we called to check our flight it was delayed before we even left home. Arrived at the airport and was told the flight was delayed again from 9.30 to 11.30 however then the flight was delayed again to 12.15 and then to 1.30pm and then we got the great news that our flight was cancelled along with two other flights. Never has this happened in all my years of traveling they had no other flight to book us on until after our trip dates were over! We will not book with this airline again as it ruined our vacation and they were not helpful at all or concerned.
Flew out of BWI on March 6 2014 flight #301. I returned on flight #410 on March 10 2014 from Fort Lauderdale back to BWI. My experience with Spirit Airlines was by far the most unrealistic unbelievable flight I have ever had. They advertise that Spirit has the lowest fares but in essence they do not for the following reasons: 1) You charge $45 to take on a carry-on if done so online $50 at the airport counter $100 if the attendant at the gate says your carry-on is not deemed to be a carry-on. 2) $40 to check if done so online. 3) $2.00 for water on the flight and on and on. I was allowed a bag with a hat from BWI to Fort Lauderdale and on my return with this same bag I had to pay $50 because the attendant said I only could have my purse which was not a large purse. When I told her that I came down with the same bag she responded in an unprofessional manner and said well here you will pay. I will never fly with Spirit again.
Flight 470 from SAN-LAS on 3/16/14. Spirit Airlines is the worst in this industry from paying for a seat to paying for a carry on bag my first experience was my worst experience. I'll never travel on this airline again I'd pay us airways high fares doubled before Spirit gets another dime of my hard earned money.
Round-trip from MYR-ACY 3/14/2014. Rturn to MYR on 3/16/2014. The new planes (2014) are "tight". The new seats no longer recline and there's even less room for your knees. The less than 1.5 hours flights are tolerable. Just get ready and take some advil.
We flew Spirit over the first week of March 2014 having picked it as an affordable way to get down to Miami from Montreal for a cruise. Our flights (both departing and returning) were delayed by at least an hour. The seats did not recline. I understand that this is a no frills airline but seriously? If you offer red-eye flights or flights at all at least giving your clients a comfortable place to sit/sleep should come free with the purchase of a plane ticket. Staff were very rude. Somehow each of our bags gained between 4 and 5 pounds between us weighing them at the door of the airport with our own scale at the scale sitting at the entrance to the quick bag check in line and the actual quick bag check in counter. Our carefully distributed bags ended up costing us an extra 25$. Needless to say we'll never be flying Spirit ever again.
3/16/14 Flight 971 FLL-DFW. worst domestic carrier - apparently a well known fact. Nickle and dime you to death or at least extreme aggravation. Ended up paying nearly as much as I would have on another airline for much worse service. Never fly this airline! Was in one of the big seats up front so seat ok. Pity the suckers in back.
My fianc booked a surprise package deal for our honeymoon that included airfares on Spirit. There are some clear cut pros and cons with this airline. The good: Cheap fares new planes and assigned seating. The actual airfare you'll pay is cheap however there are other fees to be found. More on that in the bad. The planes appeared to be modern and new. We enjoyed plenty of leg room and a clean bathroom. Having assigned seating takes a little pressure off boarding as well. The bad: At the best unhelpful at the worst rude employees and staff. Excessive baggage fares. When my husband and I checked in 1 hr 10 mins early we were told we were late and had late arrival written all over our boarding passes and luggage. Spirit boards 1 hour before scheduled departure. The baggage fees will take you by surprise if you don't do your research. I also take issue with our FAs insulting attitude in our return flight from Cancun. Yes it's spring break and we're coming from Cancun but announcing on the loud speaker "It sure is quiet in here. Nobody's talking but the babies because they're hungover." Would I fly Spirit again? Probably but only after a careful cost comparison against other airlines.
Worst airline I've experienced. Flying Vegas to Houston we had a 12 hour delay due to a "cracked windshield". Instead of having another plane available they had to fly in a new windshield from another city and put it on. They waited until boarding time to break the news. They also changed our departure gate several times. They charge for both carry-on and checked bags. They charge you to check-in. Terrible customer service. No complimentary snacks or refreshments provided. Overall a terrible experience. Never again.
We chose Spirit because it was the "cheapest". They charge you for baggage and believe it or not a carry-on is actually more expensive ($45/bag) than checked luggage. $45 is actually the discounted rate because I pre-paid. In order to ensure my family sat together we needed to pay for each seat - for each leg of the flight. I had to pay for 12 seats for one round-trip flight for a family of 3 at a cost of nearly $200. In addition most airlines do not charge for a child younger than two years that sits on her mother's lap. Surprise! Spirit charges. Onboard forget about a complimentary glass of water everything must be purchased. We never had one flight depart as scheduled. Out of the 4 individual flights in this trip two were cancelled after multiple delays and the ones that weren't cancelled were significantly delayed. As a result of the cancelled flights the seats I purchased for my family were not the ones provided to us. On one of these return flights I had intentionally placed one member of the family 10 rows behind the rest of us so that he could sleep without being disturbed by our baby that was with us. As a result of the cancelled flight we were placed all together on a much later flight. Needless to say there was no sleeping with a very exhausted baby at that point. When our flight finally arrived the Spirit desk was closed so I called them the following business day to request a refund for the seats that were purchased but not provided. I was told that there would be no refunds because we were provided seats and we accepted them.
Atlantic City NJ to Tampa Florida 3/6/2014 and Tampa Florida to Atlantic City NJ 3/13/2014. Spirit should change their name to "Cattle Call Airline" with "I don't really care about you" employees. By far the worst travel experience of my life. Tickets are not cheap (like they say they are) after adding all the extras. Terminal staff are arrogant and inflexible in-flight staff have a bad attitude and treat passengers as "sardines". Passengers are packed into in-movable seats that even a normal size person would be uncomfortable in. Come- on Spirit.
March 9 flight 511 Detroit to Las Vegas. Attendant mumbled very quickly through the safety instructions. Could not understand anything. They did not once come down the aisle to ask if we wanted to purchase anything. Bad enough a 4 hr flight and not even a glass of water but not invited to buy one either. On our flight home they asked if we wanted to buy something at least. They could not manage getting a passenger off the plane minutes before take off and so the pilot was in the back of the plane dealing with that instead of preparing for flight! Throughout flight attendants talked very unprofessionally amongst themselves while seated at the front eating. At one point people were waiting for the restroom in the aisle so 2 of them argued who would tell them to sit down to wait. Finally one stuck her head over and drawled that we should go sit down. Final straw was such a loud and rattling landing that the oxygen masks fell down for the seat across from me. Attendants didn't seem to care. Passengers were horrified. Also be aware that the airport luggage scale in Las Vegas airport weighs luggage one pound less than the Spirit scale when you check your luggage in. The grumpy woman at check in said she is aware of the problem so charges you $25 for extra pound. She didn't understand that customers are not aware of the problem and we are the ones impacted! I explained this to her and she couldn't have cared less.
First time flying this airline and never again. We could not believe what happened on our return flight back from Chicago to DFW. Flight delayed 3 hours. We kept track of delayed postings and arrived 1.5 hours before the flight departure time. However we did not check in online beforehand and upon arrival to the airport we were denied boarding because the agent said we needed to check in 45 minutes before original scheduled departure time not the delayed time. The agent would not give us a boarding pass and told us the first available flight was in 6 days. That was completely unacceptable for us. We ended up having to purchase a flight from another airline to return home. Obviously they filled our seats with other passengers to cover up their deficiencies and/or sold us out to someone else who paid more for our seats. We will never fly with Spirit again.
If you joined Spirit Airlines membership and paid the $59.95 fee and expected to not pay that again you are in for a big surprise on the year anniversary just like I was. They charged my credit card a second time without authorization. Also the one time I booked a flight the plane never arrived in San Diego. Customer service told me to get to the airport because they were certain the plane was on time. I did go in a panic found 1 person from Spirit at their counter found out the flight was not coming and I immediately demanded a refund which I received on the spot. Luckily I was able to book an early morning flight with Southwest to get to Portland. Never again!
Bought 3 round-trip tickets. Flights were delayed up to 3.5 hours one way and 2 the other way. Switched the gates on us 6 times. Staff unfriendly and rude. Inflight crew rude and obnoxious to passengers. No apology given and got bounced around to different departments. Each department accepted no responsibility. My time is more valuable then $25 when I had to wait multiple hours deal with miscommunication and nasty staff. Finally they tried to give me a $25 voucher for my complaint. Worst service I have ever experienced.
I will never fly this airline again. I flew for the first time with this airline - thinking I got a good deal - wrong. Flights with a stop over are considered direct by this airline but you have to get off the plane. That becomes a real hassle if you coming back into the US and have to go through immigration and border control. The airline does not allow enough time for this! Study their website in every detail and do your math before you book you will end up being better off initially paying more with other airlines. There is a boarding check-in charge of $10 per person each way if not done on the internet which is hard to do for your return trip since you need to print your boarding pass. This can only be done 24 hrs or less and more that 1hr before departure. The planes are new but seats and tables are filthy. Out of my 4 flights 3 were overbooked!
BWI-LAS 3/12/14 Flight #695. LAS-BWI 3/15/14 Flight #696. I will never fly with Spirit again! They charged me for checked baggage. They charged me for my 1 carry on item! No other airline that I've flown with charged me for a single carry on item it's part of the price of the ticket. My wife and I were traveling together and in order to be sure that we were seated together I had to pay for the seat assignments. No other airline does that if there are two available seats together. You get them as a part of the service! If you don't print your boarding pass before arriving at the airport they charge you $10 per passenger to print the boarding pass for you in the airport. But here's the catch: you can't print the boarding pass until 24 hours before your flight. So we were unable to print our return flight boarding passes because we had no access to a printer while in our destination city and so had to pay the $20 to get two boarding passes printed at the airport. If I have not as yet made completely clear my opinion of Spirit let me take a moment to do so now: It is a very clever combination of tricks and well designed misdirection to make you believe that you are getting a better overall deal than with a real airline. Under no circumstances will I fly with Spirit again.
8 Mar 2014 FLL-DTW. This is the first and last time I will fly Spirit Airlines the nickel and dime costs add up. I had a carry on bag that because of the wheels on it was 1.5 inches too long and I was charged an extra $50 to bring it on board with me. This is after we were charged an extra $75 because our check in luggage was just a few pounds overweight of the 40 lbs allowed. There was total chaos at the check in counter and staff had no desire nor clue on how to make for an easier way to assist anyone. I will gladly pay more money on another airline before these crooks get anymore of my hard earned cash. If you are flying by yourself with nothing more than a backpack this is the airline for you.
I can just simply say that their airplanes as well as their gates are simply the filthiest of all airlines in the US. My Flight was from FLL to LAS flight # 777. Their seats were all torn and smelt. They had a menu full of items but the only thing available was ice not even water. Staff were awful rude and not courteous at all!
Spirit is undoubtedly the worst airline in the U.S. Don't be fooled by their low fares. I booked a round trip flight from Orlando to Ft. Lauderdale. What started off as $30 one way - $60 round trip ended up costing $335.98. I had to make a change to my flight and got charged $139. Add the seat fees and baggage fees and there is no value. On top of that the attitudes of the staff that you can hardly understand. I have not flown this flight but when I do I will update the operational experience.
Bad all-around experience on our return flight from St. Thomas to BWI. Plane was late arriving and they pushed back the departure time by 1/2 hour. We got worried because our layover was only an hour in Ft. Lauderdale for our connecting flight to Baltimore. However the gate agent assured us that we would make our connections. After boarding we sat for another 1/2 hour while they worked out issues with the plane. Finally departed more than an hour behind schedule. Flight landed 7 minutes before our connecting flight departed. I could not get any information from the flight attendants nor could anyone at Spirit customer service try to contact someone in the airport to hold the flight to Baltimore for a few more minutes. We missed our flight and had to rebook a flight for the following morning. They also will not work with other airlines to get you on one of their flights. On top of that they charge you for everything they can think of (choosing seats checked bags carry-on bags overweight bags food checking in at the airport). This is the one airline I've ever flown that I would never recommend to anyone even if it was hundreds cheaper for a ticket.
FLL to San Jose Costa Rica - flight boarded late and after 30 minutes on the plane we were told we had to deplane again. We boarded an hour later and arrived at destination at 3 am. No way to get anywhere at that time - had to wait until 7.00 am to catch a shuttle to my final destination.
I will never fly Spirit again. 15 hours waiting in the airport because they were short staffed absolutely unacceptable. Worst fight ever. Never again!
I paid an additional $100 on departure and $40 on the return. I read the rules and attempted to interface with the website! I cannot find one positive review. Unfortunately my wife and I elected to participate in a "Mystery Deal" and drew Spirit. Had we known it was Spirit in advance we would have passed. Spirit really is the Greyhound Bus of the sky. If one voluntarily books a flight on Spirit Airlines he/she is a glutton for punishment or has very low expectations.
O'Hare to Cancun on Feb 22nd with a connecting flight in Ft. Lauderdale. ORD to FLL flight went smooth. Yes cramped and paid $3 for a drink but ok. FLL to CUN - bad! Right before boarding started one flight attendant was taken and put on another flight. A 3 hour wait for a new attendant. After finally boarding we had to wait because two passengers changed their mind and didn't want to go to Cancun. We had to wait until their luggage was off the plane before when could take off. The least they could have done was give us a free drink for all the waiting we did! Flight home was just delay after delay gate changes and just made for a very long flight home. After adding all the costs a direct flight with a different carrier would have been better.
Flew to Vegas with my family (10 of us) it was my first time flying with Spirit I was always used to a 50 lb limit on our checked bag but with Spirit it was 40 so that was $50 bucks each way not including the $30 each way for the checked bag to begin with. $10 for each reserved seat so I could sit with my husband which I had to upgrade coming home to $18 a seat because on the way there we were so cramped our knees were literally touching the seat in front on us for 5.5 hours. I have never been so uncomfortable on a plane. Then when I asked for a water the flight attendant told me it was $3 and they do not accept cash. My tickets were roughly $650 after all the up charges it came to about $866. I will never fly this airline again.
I am not sure how this airline stays in business except for people like me who have never flown with them before - I booked my trip at the last minute to see my first grand child. I went through Kayak who promotes them greatly. The fare was very good and I have flown SW Airlines and understand the cheap airlines. In total my flights were over 5 hours delayed - cheap and you get what you pay for!
GUA to FLL. Our flight was delayed 2 hours with no explanation. When we did finally board we were delayed yet another hour because there was a tray table that out of order. They brought on a "mechanic" who began wrapping packing tape around the seat to secure the tray table. When that didn't work he began trying to screw the table into the attached seat to the dismay of passengers. Most alarming was that the lavatory was out of order so the flight staff announced we should use the airport restrooms before we boarded. Turns out there was one lavatory working but there was no toilet paper! The seats were filthy and old and there were crumbs and dirty piles on the floor. Water costs $3 a glass. Overall this was one of the worst experiences of my adult life.
Was supposed to fly back from Los Cabos to Dallas yesterday. Arrived 3 hours early (noon). Was told upon check in that flight was delayed 2 hours and we would be leaving about 5pm. Mechanical problems. Hours go by. They change gates but don't tell any of the customers. We noticed it on the board. Finally about 5pm Spirit personnel are at the gate told delay is now 8pm. Then 10 minutes later they announce plane will be there in 10 minutes and we will board in about 25 minutes. Unfortunately there were about 5 couples who left probably to get drinks or whatever. We sat in the plane almost 2 hours waiting for these people to return. I'm not picky I know things happen I am not hard to please but this is truly the most awful airline experience ever.
The flight attendants are rude and not courteous at all. They said on both flights that their credit card machines were broken and only accepted cash for drinks. I am 5'7" tall and my knees were almost touching the seat in front of me I feel bad for anyone taller! This is the worst airline I have used and will never use them again. The planes are old. I rode in the big seats on the way to my vacation and they are old and look like they never get cleaned. Pay the extra money and use a different airline!
Had to clean my seat before I sat down. I had paid the extra $50 fee for the first row because I was ill. Mistake to think that would make a difficult time easier. Did not rush on plane being ill and knowing I paid extra $50. All the overhead space above my seat was full. Paying extra $50 should allow you to board earlier so people don't steal your space. I had to use overhead halfway down plane. I could not access my bag for water medicine blanket. I could not exit the plane quickly. I could not get to my bag. People said you get what you pay for I didn't even get that. I will never fly Spirit again.
Flight 667 3/1/2014 and flight 202 3/3/2014. Be aware of the baggage policy. Flying out with my 2 items nothing was said about paying for a "carry-on." Coming home as I was about to board the gate agent made me pay $100 for a carry-on. Curiously I saw numerous other passengers boarding with 2 items none of which showed that they had paid for their "carry-on."
Worst airline service I have had. Their own flight delays forced me to miss connections (their own connections). I had to stay overnight at a hotel in FLL at my own cost. A group of 10-15 dissatisfied customers went up to the supervisor to ask for help or some coverage of hotel fees and he said there was nothing he could do. Staff at the gates in LGA and FLL and flight attendants were very unfriendly and some were even rude.
Feb 15 2014 I flew from ORD to LAX. The flight was the first one of the day. After 5 hours delay we boarded the plane and were told that a credit of $100 was going to be issued to us for a future reservation. I never received anything. I called Spirit and asked for the voucher number. Now the amount is $50! The customer service told me to call the airport and complain to them because the airport is responsible for issuing those vouchers. The customer service is terrible. Never again unless I really have no choice I rather spend more money than use Spirit again.
Most of the other reviews spoke about extra fees and late flights - which we also experienced in our flights from FLL to/from Montego Bay Jamaica. Our biggest complaints are about the poor quality of the flight attendants. On the flight down after everyone was all settled into their seats suddenly a passenger was told to move to the middle seat between myself and another passenger even though plenty of empty aisle seats were available nearby. When I asked why he couldn't take 1 of those seats we were told by a rude flight attendant "those aren't zone 1 he needs to sit there to balance the weight - and we're all waiting for you to move so he can sit there and get the flight moving". Later on the same flight my wife asked the attendant what the flight number was (in order to complete immigration form) and the response was "it's on your boarding pass" - even the passengers nearby commented on the rudeness. On the return flight today as we were boarding our flight a passenger was putting his bags right over our bulkhead seats - when my wife asked him if he could move them down a row as we needed to put all of bags in the overhead bin - he pointed to the 2 rows of crew bags on his side and asked the crew if it was ok to put his bags where he did - the crew response was "you can put your bags anywhere she doesn't have a right to ask you to move them". Their response was catty and unprofessional. We paid extra for the front seats but with the crew bags blocking the bins the benefit of being up there was minimized. To make matters worse the crew allowed a passenger to board without a proper passport and sloppily went through the safety checks during the flight. As for us we will never fly Spirit again the low fares are a mirage after the additional fees are factored in and the horrible customer experience we had on both flights was appalling.
Did all my homework knew the rules about additional charges figured all the whiners just had not understood how Spirit Airlines operates. So after my wife and I spent hours shopping to find a bag that fits well within the 12x14x16 dimensions identified on their website for the free carry-on they charged her $100 that we can ill afford at check-in this morning. You're trapped there at check-in because you have to fly and they nail you with the punitive at-the-gate check-in charge even though you are in compliance. They make it just about impossible to reach a live human being. I don't care how inexpensive they are. This really feels like they are being intentionally deceptive.
Worst customer service! I clicked checked bag instead of carry on when buying my flight and they charged me an additions $70 at the gate on top of the $30 I had already paid. They told me that was the only other option was to not get on the flight. I will never fly this airline again.
I booked two flights from Phoenix to Cancun. On the flight back from Cancun to Phoenix we had a connecting flight in Florida. There was no weather issues but the plane arrived an hour late in picking us up from Cancun. By the time we arrived in Florida their connecting flight had already left. We went to the Spirit customer service desk and were told they couldn't get us another flight home for additional 3 days! Even though it was the airlines fault that they missed their connecting flight they refused to pay for any hotel expenses. Just like any other person we couldn't wait another 3 days to go home because we had to work. We ended up paying $200 for the hotel expenses and $600 to get a flight home from another company. The airport lobby was completely full of upset customers in the same scenario because of Spirit's bad customer service. The customer service agents were so obnoxious and could care less about what was going on. I will never fly with them again.
Flight from Atlantic City to Ft Lauderdale was fine. Coming home was a completely different story. We arrived at the airport 6 hours prior to our flight because we were returning from a cruise ship. The airport was a total nightmare. I had to print our boarding passes at the kiosk but at 8.50am it showed my 2.50pm flight was already delayed until 4.36pm. No real reason since there was no weather between Florida and New Jersey. Then we had to get in the "fast bag drop" lane and wait 45 minutes. I think they need to reread the dictionary to determine the meaning of fast. The entire time we were waiting for our flight the boards at the airport continued to show our flight was "on time." They cancelled another flight and didn't update that one either. We were leaving out of the same gate and around take off time I saw multiple people for the cancelled flight going up wondering what was going on with their flight. Yet their website was updated. So why the lack of communication with the airport? We were getting ready to board and of course they're oversold and need 2 volunteers fast forward a few minutes and we're on the plane and "boarding is complete." Then a flight attendant comes on and says they need one person to give up their seat. 20 minutes later and after the passengers are all getting antsy a different one comes on and says they need someone to give up their seat. Some good Samaritan finally gives up her seat it was ridiculous that we were held hostage so some woman could get a seat that was rightfully someone else's. Never again.
Spend a little more money on another airline because Spirit is a rip-off. Charges for everything won't even give you water for free. My husband and I had a 10.30pm flight from Fort Lauderdale to Chicago. All Spirit flights were delayed that day - we didn't even board until midnight. The staff didn't seem to care about the delays just laughing and joking with each other in front of their stand as everyone waited and sat on the floor crowding the hallway. The plane bathroom smelt. Go with a more reliable airline instead of Spirit.
Spirit cancelled my daughter's flight from Orlando to Vegas. #3 planes had "mechanical difficulties". They gave her a flight the next day at noon. Got there and the ticket said the flight was for 11.15 take off. they didn't take off until 11.54. she is laying over in Houston for 10 hours with 2 little girls and her dog. I tried to get them to give her a flight on another airline and got a run around and one person pointing the finger at the other. Beware you get what you pay for and they are the lowest in every sense of the word.
If you are unfortunate enough to possess a future ticket with this airline good luck actually getting in the air. This is my first and last trip on this airline. My first flight to my destination was 2 hours late. My return home flight was grounded due to an error in maintenance records. This airline do not have a fleet large enough to supply replacement equipment. My flight out of DFW at 3.39pm is the last flight of the day to Orlando. By the time you pay their fees to get a seat and carry on a bag to sit in a cramped seat that doesn't even recline you will spend the same amount on a reputable airline and actually reach your destination.
Do not use this airline. We did because we thought it was cheaper. Not so! Not only do they charge for checked bags they charge for carry on as well. Also if you do check in online. When we boarded we found French fries and other food matter on our seat and on the floor. he plane was filthy. As soon as the doors were closed we were told there was no running water on board. The toilets did not flush because of this. You can imagine the stench. They put coffee bags taped to the restroom wall to help with the smell. Really? Furthermore no free anything. We paid for soda couldn't get coffee or tea (no water) and the flight attendants were all inexperienced.
Planning an evening flight to Las Vegas our intention was to sleep for the majority of the 5 hr and 45 min flight. That didn't happen. The party plane was in full swing from the moment they closed the door halfway through they reported that they had run out of alcohol. Needless to say the small seats were that much smaller when everyone around you is drunk. Fast forward to our flight home this flight (from Las Vegas to Philly) was cancelled due to weather. After booking another night at our hotel we learned that they had put us on a flight leaving in a few short hours. The final kicker was when we realized there was no flight from Las Vegas to Philly showing at either airport. All in all it was a major hassle and then the flight home was packed tighter than the flight there. Never again will I fly Spirit.
Flight from Philadelphia to Las Vegas. Worst 5 hours I have experienced. It was dirty claustrophobic and they had the nerve to charge for a carry-on. My first and last time flying with this airline.
Spirit is the worst airline I have flown. I wouldn't recommend this airline to my worst enemy. The fare was low but with all the extra costs along the way (which is pretty much everything) we would have been better off buying a more expensive ticket on a better airline. There are no complimentary drinks or snacks and the seats do not recline. The flight was delayed an hour and our baggage took way too long to come out causing us to miss our bus home. Will never fly Spirit again.
I guess you get what you pay for but this is one of the worst airlines I've ever flown. This summer we flew Spirit Airlines from Philadelphia to Myrtle Beach. We get to the airport 2 hours early like they recommend but really there was no rush because the flight was 2 hours late. One of the airport workers at Philadelphia said she wasn't surprised Spirit is always late. So finally after 2 hours of waiting the plane gets to Philadelphia and after unloading passengers we board. The seats were tiny vinyl narrow non-reclining and claustrophobia inducing. They were dirty along with the seat tray in front of me. Anything extra like drinks cost $3 which is a complete rip-off. I'm surprised they didn't charge you to go to the bathroom too I mean they charge you for every other ridiculous thing. I would never fly with this "airline company" again.
Thought I got a good deal on tickets until I paid for luggage! One average size suitcase and one carryon cost nearly the same as the ticket. Total deception and run around on pricing. I will never fly with them again.
Round trip on Spirit with one-way duration of 3 hours. The reason I chose Spirit Airline was price. On the outbound trip I had to pay $45 because my suitcase was 0.5 inch wider than their measurement. This suitcase has been used all the time for carry-on baggage with many different airlines never with any problems. Once on board the flight attendants one male and one female never smiled. Neither did they provide a single complimentary drink not even tap water for 3+ hours. They simply force you to buy their merchandise. Before the end of the trip the do-not-know-how-to-smile male attendant made three announcements to urge travelers to sign up Spirit credit card and how many benefits you would get with those cards all within half an hour. On my return trip things get worse. Though I gave away my half-an-inch-larger suitcase to avoid the $45 fee and my stuff in a plastic bag fits well in the free personal item measurement. The Spirit gatekeeper insisted I pay $100 for my things by calling out to close the gate - he knows perfectly well the mentality of a weary traveler and he hits them right on spot. I was the last one there trying to avoid this $100 expenditure out of nowhere. But I don't want to be left behind so I gave in. On board again not a single drop of complimentary water. At least this time the flight attendants smiled. They simply paraded with an empty trash bag to walk back and forth. In summary extra $145 expenditure for nothing complimentary except air and one smile. That is called Spirit - an ironic title.
I flew Spirit during the holidays from Chicago to Phoenix. I can appreciate that delays happen especially given the holidays and the winter weather. However how they handled it was horrible. We boarded on time and were asked to immediately turn off our phones half an hour goes by and we are told that we are waiting on the pilot. Another 20 mins and still waiting and now we need to de-ice the plane. An hour has gone by and still waiting for pilot. Another half hour pilot has arrived but now one of the de-ice trucks has broken down. If anyone even looked at our phones to suggest we might turn it on staff would immediately scold us to turn it off. Not one drink was offered for that 2 hour delay. Once we did get in the air they did start cabin service but no complimentary water. To top it all off they did not update their website on our delay and since they would never let us use our phones our loved ones had to wait in confusion at the airport. They are not less expensive. They are charging you for everything so you really are spending the same amount of money as a normal airline as opposed to this "low fare" company. It is not worth it. I will never fly Spirit again.
MSP-RSW. No room in seats expected pay for everything surprised I wasn't asked to swipe a card to unlock the bathroom door on the airplane. We got in a 20 mins early thought this was great until we got to baggage claim (forced to check a bag for 40 lbs) it had been well over an hour no announcement for any delay for the first hour. They are blaming it on flights ahead of ours. Not one person on the flight has seen a bag yet. Never again!
Flight 231 and 404. Just flew the 2nd leg of my round trip Spirit flight. Again got nabbed with fees for bags and seats. This time we left the gate and had to turn around because of a computer malfunction. 1 hour delay. Will never fly Spirit again.
Feb 16 2014 I am in Las Vegas stranded. Flight was scheduled for noon. Got here 2 hours early as recommended my flight was delayed due to mechanical issues until 4.41 now looking at 5.41. No email was sent to advise me of the delay. No help at all. I will have been here 8 hours with nobody to help us. They cannot even tell me if the plane is in the sky. Can't wait to see what happens. They have me stuck here and nobody wants to tell me anything or even apologize.
I initially thought this flight was a steal a full $150 less then competing airlines. Then come the costs for carry on vs a packed bag then there comes a seat charge. On top of that our flight left 1 hour late because of a "crew rest." Ok this is understandable I guess but Spirit should of notified me. Then we waited an extra 30 minutes because a flight attendant was late. The final straw our seats smelt. I thought Delta was the worst airline but Spirit is a strong competitor.
Flight from Houston to Las Vegas was as bad as it could be. No Service no room and not on time. The only good thing is my bags made the trip.
Just flew round trip from ORD to RSW and overheads were open and free to use on both flights. $3.00 for a soft drink robbery. No leg room.
An awful flight experience for me. I flew from Las Vegas to Philadelphia and we were delayed. The announcement explained that the delay was waiting for the flight attendants. I shouldn't complain though because while waiting in the terminal other Spirit airlines flights were being canceled all over the place. When we finally boarded the plane it was pretty dirty. The seats had graffiti everywhere and there was still trash from previous flights scattered all over the place. The flight attendants were obnoxious during the flight they did nothing but sit in their seats and play games on each others phones. Regardless of the money you save by booking with Spirit the bag fees are extremely expensive and you have to pay for everything once inflight. I would recommend eating before boarding. I actually wouldn't even recommend boarding. Almost every flight they had that day was delayed or canceled. And if you have luxury of needing to speak with customer service expect a worst case scenario for your travel arrangements.
I booked a flight for two to Oakland from Dallas. Fares seemed great. Luckily I read all the fine print as you should too. The fare you pay is a fare. Seats are extra ranging in price up front aisle window etc. Baggage is extra as in most carriers but it will cost you much much more if you don't pay on line as much as $100 at the gate. Print your boarding passes at home if not the is a $10 per convenience fee at the counter. Everything cost on the flight water $3 etc. the flight there was on time but it was the most uncomfortable flight I've ever experienced. Seats don't recline landing it neck strain and headache. Flight back was on an older plane and seat and head rest were much more comfortable. Flight was delayed 7 hours though on line it said 30 minutes. Staff were very friendly.
I would never recommend Spirit Airlines. My sister's flight from Atlanta to Chicago was delayed in Atlanta. She actually sat on the runway for over an hour while her connecting flight from Ft. Lauderdale left on time. Spirit knew she would miss her connecting flight and still allowed her to go to Ft. Lauderdale. They then only offered to put her on the next flight at 7 am the next morning. If cheap is what you want do yourself a favor take a bus.
NK 195 Jan 31 2014 from Orlando to Ft. Lauderdale. NK 676 Feb 2 2014 from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando. The leaving and the returning back home was awful. The attendants are rude with attitudes and no respect. The fact that I paid a full ticket price and checked in online to then arrive at the airport and have to pay an extra $50 for each bag and when I requested a window seat I got to sit both ways in a middle seat. In addition the gates were changed and no notification was given throughout the whole process. When all passengers were finally sitting in the plane and ready to leave they kept us for 25 mins sitting on the runway without A/C and no explanation. I will avoid traveling with Spirit unless I have no other choice.
I flew December 21st to 24th. The flight crew were nice but what I do not like is that they do not give anything to customers like water peanuts or pretzels and Coca Cola. I am a tall person and I was sat next to the aisle it didn't give me enough legroom in my seat. When I was returning from Orlando to Detroit Metro Airport I was dropped off at 5.40 at Orlando security allowed us to come back to the main terminal building because our flight was delayed. I was stuck at the airport for 4 hours. I will never fly them again.
I booked a flight from Orlando to Detroit at a fabulous price with perfect departure and return times which I thought was too good to be true and you know what they say about that! It was. They did not allow carry on bags and wanted to charge $100 for a carry on because it wasn't checked! But they were "nice enough" to only charge $50 and said it had to pre checked online on the return flight for $40 which added an extra 90.00 for a carry on!! Will not fly Spirit again!
Fort Lauderdale Las Vegas for $256 ticket paid a total of $510 after seating and carry on! On top of the extra charges you get horrible customer service and delays. Will never fly with Spirit again.
Oakland to Las Vegas. Price came up at $80/roundtrip ticket inc. taxes. I booked this flight only to get an email 3 days later asking me to purchase bags. Never heard of this with any airline unless you are over the first free 2 bags. So at a charge of $30 to check in a bag per person each way this $80 ticket now became $140. Staff at the ticket desk were very rude. Flight attendants on the plane were equally rude. Very short with people as the plane was delayed and they made it clear they wanted to get home. Seats do not recline at all unless you are in the 4 seats in the front of plane. You can reserve a seat for more money. All in all I should have never switched airlines.
BOS-FLL. Charge for everything. $50 for a bag if larger than a brief case charge to chose a seat. Charge for a glass of water. seats are so close together you can't get you legs in. I won't fly them again.
Left for Costa Rica January 8th 2014 return was due for January 20 2014 arrived on January 23rd. Never take an International Flight with a connection and leave 1 hour between flights the flight back from Costa Rica was delayed then customs held us up then the door slammed in our face as we arrived in time to watch it close. We were told we would be put on standby for the next flight well 5 flights later and nothing. For what we spent because they overbook I could have gone first class on a reputable airline.
2 hour flight took almost 7hrs one way and including delay 3hrs home. The cost of the flight was fine but if you wanted to bring a bag or have a drink the price shot through the roof. Would never fly Spirit again. Extremely cramped seating. Not one apology or offer of a beverage while we sat on plane for 4-5hrs longer than expected.
Flight 833 from FLL to Montego Bay Jamaica on 1/15. Flight supposed to be at 10.30 and we left at 4.00. I would recommend that everybody avoid Spirit wherever possible. I've flown them twice and after the first time I said I would never fly them again now I'm kicking myself for not doing that. When comparing their fares to other providers you may be tempted to save a few dollars but trust me it is not worth the headache. Keep in mind that they will be nickel and diming you for everything from baggage to drinks to printing a boarding pass. In my first experience with spirit the flight was delayed 3.5 hrs and we were given no reason. On my second the flight was delayed 5 hours due to "weather" from the departing city. When I asked what the departing city was they noted Myrtle Beach SC. Sure enough weather.com shows sunny and delightful all day in Myrtle. Overall I'd say Spirit is not worth the money. Save yourself the frustration.
Thinking it was too good to be true is an understatement. We searched through Spirits website to see about any "hidden" fees and found nothing so we booked a trip. We are an average American family with a disabled child which leaves us very little money but we saved and planned for almost a year to be hit with almost $200 in extra fees for baggage and drinks not to mention that we were delayed coming home and had to spend most of the night in the airport. This was one of the worst experiences we have ever had traveling.
traveled from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. The total cost including fees for practically everything was more than if I would have taken Delta. No more with this airline nor do I recommend anyone to take this one.
Spirit sucks you in with an extremely low fare and then hits you with baggage fees seat fees taxes upon taxes so that by the time you get your total you could have flown just about any other airline. They brag how they've added more seats so that means more passengers to keep fares low. What they don't tell you is that they moved the seats closer together to get more room for the extra seats. I'm neither a tall or a fat person but my knees were pressed into the seat in front of me and the tray table was digging into my stomach. Not that I really needed the tray table they don't even give you water without charging some outrageous price. The seats are extremely tight and it's like sitting on a piece of wood. It was very difficult to make my 5.5 hour flight. By the time everything was added in my original airfare almost doubled.
I paid more for a bag and a "seat" than the ticket itself. Why buying a ticket is somehow not enough to buy a seat on the plane is too deeply offensive to discuss. But believe it or not you have to pay more money to get a "seat". Welcome to Spirit.
Flight 171 - December 8 2013. I used Spirit to travel to NY from FTL on December 2013 thinking that their price was affordable. To my surprise when I got to the airport and tried to get my on board tickets they charged me $25 per seat assignment so if I wanted to seat next to my husband we had to pay $50. To that they charged for carry ons $45. So add to your airline ticket another $70 per person each way for a total of $140 each. The seats were very uncomfortable and very thin with no cushion. They have the pre-reclined seats and they are stiff not to mention you have no leg room at all. We tried seating near the emergency door so my husband could have more leg room and that would have been better. I will definitely avoid traveling with Sprit. When you add all the hidden rates they charge you they are not worth it.
We flew from St. Thomas to Ft. Lauderdale on 12/30 and aside from the extremely rude ticket agent who informed me that the carry-on which I pre-paid for online was a personal item and not have to be charged yet could not give me a refund or a credit for my return flight aside from the fact that the flight was delayed leaving aside from the fact that the flight attendants wouldn't even give me 1 cup of water to give to my toddler and I had to pay $3 for a bottle of water the flight from St. Thomas to Ft. Lauderdale was pleasant. On the day we were returning to St. Thomas from Ft. Lauderdale the ticket agent was a little rude but helpful. Flight was delayed yet again for almost an hour. We get on the plane and were in the very last row. We get to St. Thomas and we go to baggage claim and wait for bags. We go to Spirit's counter and no one is there. After about 30 minutes a young lady appears and I ask her about the bags. I explain that we were told the bags were done but my bags aren't there nor are the bags of all the other passengers behind me. She doesn't even apologize for the inconvenience. Waited 2 hours at baggage and then another 2 hour process to do a lost luggage claim. Of course the flight returning our bags was delayed.
We booked return Portland to San Diego. This was the first segment and the plane had to be brought back to the gate everyone leaves and they reboot the computer. The flight left 2 hours late. As we manoeuvred into the seats (with a whole 28" between rows) the stewardess mentions the floatation device beneath the seat cushion. However in the event of a water landing there is no way anyone could ever get to those devices. Everything has an additional charge. The return trip was also 2 hours late. Finally just before landing we were given the option of signing up for a credit card for which we would be given enough miles for six trips. There were five adults in our party which would give us 30 trips - but why in the world would we ever want to do that?
I fly from Chicago to Dallas frequently and once on the flight service is generally good but nowhere near great. Seems rather clear that the company does not put customer service first in it's training and is focused instead on maximizing the income generated from each passenger. My biggest problem is the poor attitude of the check-in staff at DFW airport. There is a women who protects the gate opening to the ticket counters who should not be employed anywhere let alone in a customer facing role. I wanted to get a seat re-assignment which could not be done at a terminal and i was questioned and probed as if I was up to no good. The low ticket prices are the only reason why one should select this carrier and should do so knowing what other costs you may incur.
I am a frequent traveler both international and domestic. I have used almost every major airline out there. Spirit Airlines is by far the worst I have flown. There is not a single positive thing I can say about them. I bought their ticket (Los Angeles to Lima Peru) because it was the cheapest. However they have so many hidden fees that it ends up being the most expensive option. During the 6 hour flight the seats were dirty with crusted food. I was thirsty so I asked for a cup of water. They told me they would charge me $5 and would only accept card. I told them I didn't have a card only cash. The stewardess had the audacity to say she could only offer me a cup of ice for free. I find their hidden fees to be outrageous. ($50 charge to check in a bag. 40 lb limit instead of 50 which is the standard. They charge another extra $25 for every 5 lb you are over the limit).
I traveled to NY in December of 2013 and although the flight out was fine and on time the flight back was cancelled and no flights were available for several days I ended up purchasing a one way ticket from Southwest which was one counter down for a full fare and made it back that night. Spirit never offered a refund or any compensation for cancelling a flight and not accommodating Last night my daughter was supposed to fly back from Florida to Chicago her flight was first delayed then finally cancelled. Again the airline did not offer any help and the first flight available they offered was 3 days later! which is outrageous! We found another flight on Spirit with available seat but the airline refused to allow the use of that seat and at best after demanding to talk to a supervisor we were told that non are available for 2 hours (which is after the flight departs). Needless to say we are so disappointed with this airline that we will never recommend for anyone to fly with them.
Awful no updates or anything. I understand weather problems but to list the plane as on schedule up until 2 mins before takeoff and the plane isn't even there is a joke! 4 hrs later we took off. On the way back same thing 6pm flight became 9 then 12 then cancelled. Best they could do was 2 days later no food or hotel help. Nothing! You get what you pay for and in this case I got less.
Flight from Chicago to Ft. Myers was delayed 3 hours. We boarded the 100% full plane sat for an hour and a half and were told they couldn't get fuel. Everyone had to deplane and it was another hour before we were told our flight was going to be canceled. Another 50 dollar cab ride home and then they couldn't get us on another flight until Friday and our original flight was for Monday. We asked if they could at least get us on a flight to Ft. Lauderdale if all flights were filled to Ft. Myers and were told "no" we had to accept the first available flight to Ft. Myers 4 days later!
My first time traveling with this airline and it will definitely be my last. My family and I were booked on it through Travelocity as part of a package trip for my vow renewal with my husband in Las Vegas. The trip there was problematic but ok. I asked for drinking water but was told I had to purchase water for 3 dollars and this was a 5.5 hour trip. The seats reminded me of an inner city bus service. The nightmare really started on our way back when we were made to pay 100 dollars for my son's violin as a carry on instead of a personal item as we had done on our outward journey. I was told that the flight will leave without us if we did not pay and our luggage had already been checked in. This airline is by far the worst I have ever had the misfortune of traveling on. The customer service was non existent.
Flight was cancelled from Denver to Houston after being delayed and making us wait in the airport for 8 hours. Have $7 voucher which doesn't cover anything and the next flight out they had to offer was a week down the road. Try booking a next day flight for $118 they didn't even refund bag fees! With fees and everything and the negative 4 inches of leg room and dirtiness of the cabin pay extra.
Terrible - 4.5 hour delay leaving Atlanta they offered food vouchers while we waited they ran out of them by the time I got to the counter. The Gate people were low end not professional. Flight home from Ft. Lauderdale was better but not good. Pay the small extra and avoid this airline.
Tried Spirit Airlines for the first time and it will definitely be the last time. Flew to Las Vegas and the flight was late 3 hours to and from and the lateness was not due to weather related issues. The extra charge for bags was outrageous. Couldn't believe they charged for carryon as well as checked bags. If you have a carry on and it will fit under the seat there should not be a charge. I also couldn't believe the charges for drinks and snacks! $7.00 for a pillow and blanket! Next thing you know they will be charging you to use the bathroom. The extra charge to reserve your seat? Ridiculous. They say they are a cheap airlines but after you add all the extra charges you can forget the value for money. If an airline is going to be 3 hours late they should at least offer you food reimbursement. While waiting for our flight home to Portland the flight next to us was late two hours waiting for an airline attendant to show up. That is unacceptable. So bottom line if you want to sit in an airport hours on end and you feel your time is not valuable then fly Spirit.
There was just too many things wrong with this airline. I wanted to bring my dog they told me that would cost $100 to and from San Juan ($200 total). Then they said that there were already 4 pets on the plane and I couldn't bring my pet. Changing our flight would cost $125. Thankfully we didn't change our flight because when we got on there was only one pet. Then of course the extra charge. I simply do not want anything to do with this airline.
Dallas Ft Worth to Atlanta Flight 403 13 July 13. Baggage (carry on and check in) are at sky high rates several seats on-board are always missing the button to recline your seat (brought it up to the stewardess and she could not do anything or even move me to seats above due to them being "special paid seats"). Had pictures and spoke to Customer Representatives at Spirit but they did not do anything either. Recommend to anyone to think about these issues before coming on-board or purchasing your ticket. If you would like a small cup of water you've got to pay several dollars for it. Not to mention that in every seat or overhead there's an advertisement for their credit card.
Atlanta GA (ATL) to Fort Lauderdale FL (FLL). Dec 26 2013 and return Dec 29 2013. The last seat on the plane shouldn't even exist. My husband and I flew to Miami struggling with smallest seat we have ever sat in. On top of that they charged for water snacks and everything else they could think of. They don't offer any free snacks! Also they charged $45.00 per bag! This was our first time flying with Spirit Airlines and it will definitely be are last time.
Dec 23rd from FLL to LGA and back on Dec 28th from LGA to FLL. This was the worst airline I have ever flown with. The charge for carry on baggage is outrageous. The customer service was terrible and the flight out was delayed. I fly a lot and this will be the one and only time I fly Spirit.
We arrived 2 hours prior to board a flight to Myrtle Beach from Ft. Lauderdale on January 1. We experienced complete chaos in the check in and bag drop area. The Spirit Representative said they did not anticipate "such a busy day". We were finally "expedited" by the Spirit representative but still missed our flight due to the extreme delay in check-in and baggage drop. According to the very rude and unhelpful gate agent no one from Spirit Check-in notified her of the delay. 20+ people missed their flight to Myrtle Beach and Boston due to incompetent Spirit Airlines staff. The plane was still at the gate. The gate agent advised the gate could not be reopened. 20+ people missed the flight. There were only 3 available seats for January 2nd travel to Myrtle Beach.
If Spirit Airlines were the last remaining airline on the planet I would not fly them. After booking a flight on Kayak.com that appeared to show a very good fare I arrived at the airport and discovered Spirit was going to gouge my travelling companion and me for $90 each way simply for checking or carrying on a bag - something that was never disclosed prior to reaching the airport. The plane was late cramped and customer service was awful - the only informative thing the flight attendant had to say was "don't worry the seats don't recline". This dreadful airline is the worst flying experience I've ever had and from the conversations other passengers on the flights had it doesn't appear anyone will fly with them again.
Going out of Atlantic City no real problems except additional baggage charges. Return trip from Ft. Lauderdale Florida a complete nightmare. The lines the extra charges the service rude and uncalled for! Change your ways it is really unfair.
We flew to Costa Rica and it was terrible there and back. Both flights late boarding a mess. People in the lines were not aware of bag charges so that caused delays at check in. You can't even get a cup of water on board without paying for it either.
Let me start by saying I fly a lot and have had my share of frustrating travel situations but never in my life have I seen anything as maddening as the Spirit Airlines "fast bag drop" at FLL. Hours in line just to drop off your bag. Another 30-45 mins in security before they finally call your destination along with 2-3 others to come to a designated line for flights that are about to depart. Still I saw many people running through the airport others who missed their flights and still others who were just very frustrated with the whole process. There is no amount of money that I could have saved to make this experience worth it (and I am frugal). Save yourself a lot of frustration and possibly a missed flight with heaps of other associated fees and fly another airline.
DTW to RSW 12/24 #605. RSW to DTW 678. We will never fly Spirit again. Cramped seats going to Florida and so far 1.5 hr delay in clear weather. All other carriers can get me to my destination on time but I have to buy a new ticket. Spirit has no relationships since they are a local low class carrier.
