Online seat selection was broken the day before our departure, we had purchased the "premium" package to select the seats in advance. In order to use this package I had to actually call them instead of doing it online. Unlike most airlines online check-in is available only 4 hours before departure. The online check-in process is the worst I have seen - you cannot check in everyone on your booking at the same time, you have to do it for each family member, even for children. At the airport it was not too bad, just like other budget airlines. The check-in line was long but that's where the premium package is useful. The flight from Montreal to Holguin was OK. The aircraft was relatively large but the seat spacing was extremely small. We are not talking about the centimeters between your knees and the seat in front of you, we are talking about the centimeters between your nose and that seat. If the passenger in front of you reclines, you simply have no choice but to recline too. If you go to the bathroom and they start serving food or drinks - you will not get back to your seat until the cart passes it. Food and drink service is ok. I have to admit that the food was provided and it it was quite good. The flight back (WG645) was terrible. First, the drink service was worse, they did not even have coffee. Next, the cabin temperature. It was very cold. Considering that the families were flying from Cuba (+35C) with kids it was just terrible. Many people complained but nothing was done to make it warmer. Next, the flight was late to Montreal by ~40 minutes, it could not get to the gate. Finally, instead of unloading the gate checked-in strollers they have unloaded them with the rest of the luggage. Lots of fun with small kids getting through 1-hour-plus waiting line at the border control and the customs.
First time, horror stories, but Canada has little choice in flights. Much prefer WestJet. Going down, was fine. On time, service OK. On Return flight, sure enough, delay. Only found out by checking online! Their rep at resort did not believe me, and had to go confirm the delay. Then another one hour delay, then two more - total just under 4 hours, so they didn't have to give food vouchers out. I was prepared, knowing about all their delays, so went with the flow! Was lucky to get later check out at resort. Taxes are rip off. Must pay to books seats in advance, out of Mexico for return flight. Will avoid them if possible.
Flight delayed almost 4hrs and they offer a snack voucher worth $15. It's almost 10pm. Only a few stores open. Missing a day of work due to this delay and they said this is the best they can do. Choose another airline and save yourself a headache!
The only reason we went with Sunwing after reading several bad reviews was the decent price. We were aware that Sunwing was notorious for delays, but decided to take the risk. What a mistake we made. Our original departure time was 3.45 pm. Under an hour before we were supposed to board, we were told that there was about an hour and a half delay. Not too bad yet. However, as time passed, the delay got pushed further and further, until finally, our new departure time was 1.00 am. This was a complete nightmare for all passengers, including those who had very young children. Instead of telling us right away that our plane would be delayed until such a late time, they kept us at the airport, waiting, with very little information as to why the delay happened. "Compensation" was $20 meal vouchers that were useless at the time, since most of the restaurants in our area were shut down for the night. We also got $75 vouchers for excursions, but it still did not make up for a day of our vacation ruined. Two weeks later, on our way back to Toronto from Holguin, our plane was in a similar situation. First a four hour delay. No explanation. The delay once again got pushed to later times, until it was over five hours of waiting in our hotel lobby without air conditioning. New departure time was 1.45 am. In conclusion, we will never fly with Sunwing again, as it seems that customers are the last thing they worry about. With huge delays and no communication between the airline and the passengers, Sunwing is not a good option in any shape or form.
We were delayed 8 hours. During this time we were not kept informed of the status of our flight. We were just expected to wait. We even boarded the plane and were later asked to de-board due to mechanical issues after waiting in the plane for 2 hours. Due to the delay we did not have a ride home. Therefore we had to pay for a very expensive cab ride. Of course they refused to compensate us claiming that any delays are not the responsibility of the airline. The only compensation was a meal voucher which we had to use within 45 min or we were out of luck. And good luck speaking to a live person at customer service. There is no such thing. There is absolutely no way we would ever fly Sunwing again. All the negative reviews are true. I'm not even sure how they are still in business.
Our non-stop return flight from Jamaica to Toronto was changed mid vacation to include a "stopover" in Punta Cana. On boarding we were told we would be dropping off passengers to Punta Cana before heading to Toronto, adding an additional 1.5 hrs to our flight, including an additional takeoff and landing. In fact we were late leaving due the luggage needing to be re-balanced. On arrival in Punta Cana, approx. 20 passengers got off. Apparently they had been diverted from Toronto to Jamaica to spend the night before continuing to their destination of Punta Cana the following morning, due to their flight not being full enough? When the passengers had left the plane we were further delayed by more rebalancing of luggage and refuelling. Re-fuelling, and rebalancing completed, imagine our shock with yet a further delay as Sunwing made some additional cash by loading some fresh fruits and vegetable cargo onto to our plane! Then some additional unloading as they backed some of the cargo off of the plane as they apparently loaded too much. All said and done we sat on the runway for two hours, with a plane full of passengers and young children. We were not permitted to leave the plane, it was very warm and crowded. We were able to use the washrooms, but the line-ups were long and the facilities very messy due to the overuse. No food or beverages were provided during this time and many of the children were cranky, hot and tired resulting in passenger/parent altercations breaking out all over the plane. It was very quickly becoming a very hostile environment. Additionally the inflight entertainment system had stopped functioning mid flight so all passengers could do during the two hour torture session was stare at the clock ticking off a lengthy delay and stare out the window at a very inept airport crew dropping luggage onto the Tarmac. The flight crew lacked a single drop of empathy at passengers comments, in fact when I asked what they were going to do for us to compensate us for our time and discomfort the response I received was that "they would get us to our destination safely". So in the end when we finally took off and reached our destination of Toronto, our 4 hr direct flight turned into over 8 hrs, with a 3 hr pre-flight arrival at the airport making our journey over 11 hrs. We were provided with a snack and a glass of wine, and a sandwich.  Disgusting, negligent, irresponsible, unacceptable. I will walk, or crawl on a vacation before flying Sunwing airlines ever again.
WG 511 May 9. WG 512 May 16-17. Elite must mean something different to Sunwing. $50 each way to upgrade to a wider seat with more leg room and would not stay upright for take off and landing. The stewardesses must have known this as they didn't even ask me to return to the upright position. The inflight "champagne" service is actually a plastic cup of crappy sparkling wine. $3 bottles of water but shortly after that free juice or cups of water with the breakfast sandwich. Fine it's just the flight not the whole vacation.
On April 26 checked in for a flight from Toronto to Puerto Plata. The check in agent was not friendly and very direct. She stated that my mother could not check in with us however did not indicate why. I informed her we were all on the same booking and that my mother did not speak fluent English. Our seats were selected for us without asking us where we would like to sit (fwd mid aft). When I booked the flight I was informed that my 2 year old daughter would receive a child's meal and a kids backpack with activities. I was informed on the outbound flight that there were no child's meals for my daughter and that her only option was the cheese pizza that is offered to all passengers. My daughter at no time was offered the Kids backpack. On May 3 Puerto Plata to Toronto the check in process was a mess there was no order and it took forever to check in. As inbound special meals were being offered in flight I enquired about my daughters child's meal I was informed there was no child's meals and only the cheese pizzaâ- again! I asked the flight attendant if my daughter could have her meal as they had now commenced serving the food. The flight attendant asked the manager came back and stated as per the manager my daughter would have to wait and that she did not wish to skip rows. I informed the flight attendant that those passengers who had ordered special meals ie: vegetarian meal had already received their meals. She stated she was following direction from the manager. Landing into Toronto my daughter was struggling and was crying and screaming. I was holding my daughter to soothe her when the in-flight manager abruptly informed me that my daughter had to be in her seat seatbelt fastened. I informed the manager that I was attempting to calm my daughter down and was trying my best when she indicated that my daughter would have to be in her seat and that if she did not take her seat that she would have to inform the Captain that the cabin was not secure and that we would not be able to land. I would not suggest Sunwing to a family/friend. This airline lacks in professionalism and customer service.
We travelled SunWing for the first time on April 27th to Cuba. We decided to upgrade to the 'Elite' service as it was our honeymoon. We were completely disappointed by Sunwing and the staff at Pearson. Started off with the 'priority' baggage handling. Told that they could check our bags starting at 12.45 so we got in line at that time. Got to the counter at 12.50 but was told they were still checking late bags from the previous flight and asked to stand to the side of the line until those were done. As we stood there waiting they started letting people from our flight on. We approached the baggage lady and were told we had to go back and stand in line again (which was now a huge line up). A few hours later we found ourselves waiting for the 'priority' boarding service. They called this so we went to the line and found about 60 people ahead of us. We assumed they were all flying elite but 30 seconds after the announcement for priority boarding they started boarding everyone else. The wife and I went to the desk and asked if we were still getting boarded first. The woman working at the desk said we were and said to give our ticket to the woman checking boarding passes who just stood there and intentionally ignored us while continuing to check other peoples passes. This went on for about 5 or 6 passengers until I asked her if she was going to take our boarding passes which I slid across the desk when her partner asked us to. I picked up the boarding passes and held them directly in her face as I guess she was expecting me to do. Once landed in Cuba our 'Elite' seats were in the middle of the plane (which they off loaded from both front and back) so we ended up being last off the plane. After clearing customs from the back of the line we found our bags just sitting alone in the airport. Landing back in Canada our bags were not brought off first as they were supposed to. The only bright notes was from the Cuban Airport staff. They actually did allow us priority boarding from Cuba. We will likely not ever fly Sunwing again and for sure not waste money on their 'Elite' service.
My husband and I travelled with Sunwing airlines on April 18 2015 to Punta Cana. We upgraded to elite hoping to receive better seating and services than Sunwing promised us but of course we were greatly disappointed with all the above. The airline attendants were very rude and abrupt seats still contain ashtrays and the movie's sound system was all static. We will do everything in our power not to patronize with Sunwing again.
10 day package deal from Vancouver to Maya Riveria. This is the worst airline we've travelled - we are seasoned travelers. Purchased Elite Plus both ways. Incoming trip - advised our carry-ons were overweight. They were only allow 5kg? That's the weight of the carry-on empty practically. No special quirks for the Elite extra fees except the leg room. It's a cattle train. No personal entertainment. In fact the small little screen which pops down halfway through your trip only has static for the sound. They don't care. They keep in playing anyway with no one watching. This happened on both in and on going. When you reach Cancun be prepared to unboard then stand on tarmac waiting for them to load you in a bus to the terminal. In the heat. Be prepared to be packed in like pigs going to the slaughter with no air except exhaust fumes. Expect the same for the return trip. We were one hr late on our return trip getting us into Vancouver at 1 am. The plane was freezing on the return. The only solution was buying a $15 disposable blanket! When I suggested we paid for elite the steward said no blanket but how about a big glass of their cheap swill wine. Only way I'd load up in one of these cattle runs is if we were to be evacuated for a hurricane.
All in all had a great trip to Punta Cana. Travelled from Newfoundland via Gander/Deer Lake. Sunwing almost had the deal sealed as a repeat customer. Check in from Deer Lake was terrific. Staff were excellent. Flight down and crew were also great. The Sunwing check in experience to come home left us feeling robbed and disgruntled. At some point Sunwing needs to incorporate 'Discretion' in to their operations. At the end of the experience getting off the plane back home I was left with the 'lasting' feeling that everything was a mere money grab for Sunwing when I had supposedly already paid for a 'Premium Options' package when I purchased my package. They are the masters at smoke and mirrors when I compare Sunwing to other tour operators I have used to travel to the Dominican Republic from Atlantic Canada in the past. Neither my wife nor I will rely on Sunwing to do that again if it is within our power to determine so. Ironically I don't really think that Sunwing even cares.
My family and I along with 184 other passenger were all in the understanding that our Sunwing direct return flight was a direct flight from Punta Cana to Edmonton. However Sunwing purpose held back this information from everyone's itinerary on the whole flight. Why stop in Hamilton? 1) More effective us of their flight crew (same flight crew can not do Edmonton to Punta Cana return) 2) Air cargo from Dominican very lucrative for the carrier 3) Southern Ontario to Edmonton cargo market lucrative for Sunwing. This stop added 2.5 hours onto our flight time and not one passenger de-planed not had prior knowledge of the stop over. Nothing but a cash grab at passengers expense an insult to our intellect! Never again!
Ottawa to Punta Cana April 4 flight 448. Punta Cana to Ottawa April 11 flight 449. I have flown several times in the past and I did like everybody else went to a travel agent. I assumed that everything would be organized for us but it wasn't. The seats are so tight together we couldn't move we were not allowed to go to the bathroom because of turbulence which I understand but when you have to go you have to go. We were never at any point in time told that we would have to drop off other vacationers to other resorts. We were told there was a 90 mins bus ride to the resort. It took us 3 hours on the bus because of drop offs. We were given a piece of paper that indicated we needed to check out at 5 am to be picked up at 6 am (wasted 45 mins waiting) to be brought to the airport and be 1 hour too early at the airport. The flight wasn't even on the board yet. After getting our seats eventually and we were not allowed to choose the seats we wanted we had to wait another 2.5 hours. There was a 25 min delay taking off in Punta Cana. No explanation why yet when we landed we were told not to be late because they don't wait for anybody but somehow we had to wait for someone! There was 3 bathrooms on the plane but one of them was in the galley so not very convenient because we were told not to block the path for the stewardess understandably and the looks we got when we would go to the bathroom yikes! One of the questions on here asked if I flew Premium or economy? We were never offered premium plus there is no way there is room on the plane to have Premium? I will travel again but I will be wiser the next time and I will ask a ton of questions until I am reassured that everything will go smoothly.
Trip to Fort Lauderdale and back to Toronto on April 12 and 19th. Boarding was disorganized. We were called to board and then made to wait in line before boarding this happened in both Toronto and Fort Lauderdale. Our luggage was off loaded in Fort Lauderdale but nobody announced which of the 13 carousels it was coming down at and the signage at Fort Lauderdale doesn't indicate it for Sunwing. The Fort Lauderdale check-in happens at the west side of terminal 4 the plane is loaded from the east side of terminal 3. Yes a different terminal and the opposite side too. It's a bit of a walk but doable if you don't have much carry on. In Toronto the plane touched down early but nobody was available to guide us to the gate only a 10 minute wait to get to the gate and another 5 or so for the door to be opened. Luggage came out an hour later. Staff near the luggage carousel were unable to find out what the delay was or do anything other than apologize once the luggage did start to come out. Meals - On the way down I had a breakfast muffin. It was warm on one half cold on the other. Soggy pizza about the size of a cheque book on the way back. I guess that it costs around $3 per meal they should just pocket that money and drop this lousy food. Charge me $10 extra and give me something well prepared and tasty. I don't see how I would willingly take Sunwing again. Hopefully my future flights will have other choices available.
Recent trip from Calgary (through Saskatoon) - Zihuatanejo MX. 40 minute stop in Saskatoon to pick up passengers became a 90 stop due to double booking of some passengers. Staff were like the keystone cops trying to get things moving. On the way home the flight left 1hr late even though we could all see the plane on the tarmac with no explanation given. Stop-off in Saskatoon to drop off passengers and do a "crew change" became a 2 hour fiasco as the replacement crew were locked out of the closed airport. Different stories were given on what was going on but when the new crew arrived they told the remaining passengers to complain to the Saskatoon Airport Authority for locking up for the night. Surely this was not the first time this route has been taken. Sunwing came across as teh keystone cops. When we complained that our seat was in permanent recline mode and wouldn't stay up for take- off or landing the flight attendant told us not to worry about it and that there were 6 other seats on the plane with similar issues. Never will I fly with them again.
Flew from Kitchener to Cancun March 16 2015 - no issues with the outbound or return flight. Flights were on time seats were comfortable enough for a brief flight crew friendly. The champagne service is on the flight going to your vacation not on the way back. Very small amount and the food wasn't great. Despite a previous reviewer mentioning that these perks are "free" - they are not. You pay for them in your fare. Still no complaints I didn't expect to receive a full glass of Dom Perignon in a crystal flute! We had serious issues with the resort. I won't go into full detail here but despite our efforts to change resorts we received very little assistance from the Sunwing reps in Cancun and no assistance from calling the 1-800 in Toronto. In short we spent a nightmare week in Cancun and there was nothing we could do about it.
My son and his fiancee planned their destination wedding based on flight schedules. Because at the time Sunwing was offering a direct flight to Los Cabos (under 5 hours from Winnipeg) that is the package they choose. Everything was planned and paid for in January. 3 weeks before departure Sunwing changed the flights. Instead of a direct flight to Cabos we were redirected to Ixtapia. This added an additional 3 hours to our travel. Once in Ixtapia we had to get off the plane retrieve our baggage clear customs and the recheck our baggage. The walk must have been 4 miles in total. Really great when you're elderly and walking is difficult or if you're a young family that's has to carry babies and try and manage toddlers and luggage at the same time. Half a day of our vacation wasted! Return flight home was much better. Got on the plane in Cabos flew 2 hours to Ixtapia waited on a hot plane for 1 1/2 hours then flew another 5 hours to Wpg. Another half day of vacation wasted. Will never ever book with Sunwing again.
Just arrived back from a trip to Mexico. 1 hour late leaving Toronto no explanation given as to why. We were up early at the resort as we had a 12 noon check out deadline. We were taken to the airport at 5pm for a 7pm flight. We were supposed to arrive back in Toronto at 1.58 am. However we didn't arrive in Toronto until 6.10 am. Delayed for over 4 hours. In reality we were up for close to 24 hours. Reason for the delay the flight leaving Cuba for Toronto was delayed. In this day and age this should not happen. This airline could care less about how we felt. Do yourself a big favor fly with somebody else.
Good value good inflight service but Sunwing dropped the ball badly on our recent return flight from Cancun to Ottawa (Mar 26). First the pick up from our resort to the airport was far too early (5.50 am pick up for a 10.40 am scheduled departure). On arrival at Cancun airport none of the Sunwing reps there could say which counter we should go to for check-in. We wound up standing in an uncertain line for more than an hour before Sunwing staff finally showed up to begin the check-in process. It makes no sense to transport passengers to the airport more than an hour before Sunwing staff will begin the check-in process. Second and more disappointing was the way they handled and failed to keep passengers informed about the departure delay back to Ottawa. We later learned that a flight attendant had suffered a medical emergency on the flight into Cancun that would prevent them from working our flight back to Ottawa. Obviously Sunwing isn't responsible for something like this which is totally out of their control. However it took Sunwing more than an hour to relay this information to passengers. Instead they simply provided rolling notifications of boarding time delays at times posting new departure times that were already outdated when they were posted. When they notified passengers to come to the gate to receive news of the flight status they failed to give the Sunwing rep a microphone-so very few passengers could actually hear news about the medical status of the flight attendant or that Sunwing was looking for 20 "volunteers" to relinquish their seats on our flight to take a connecting flight through Toronto or what the details of the Toronto connecting flight were. Ultimately the situation was resolved when another Sunwing attendant agreed to step in for their unwell colleague and everyone was able to fly direct to Ottawa - albeit 1.5 hours late. Sunwing must do a better job of keeping its passengers informed and in communicating with them.
Flew to Los Cabos March 19 on Sunwing - worse flight my wife and I have experienced. First the flight was 3 hours late leaving Toronto - no one could offer an explanation. Poor food flight attendants seemed to be hiding behind the curtain most of the flight seats worn and very uncomfortable. Flight home March 26 was supposed to leave at 4.20 pm - got to the airport and flight not on the board when later flights with other airlines were - a number of passengers inquired and were told we could be boarding within 20 minutes or possibly 3 hours? When flight was posted it showed a delay of 2 hours - settled in playing cards and having lunch when we heard an announcement the flight was boarding at the other end of the terminal - we left our food and dashed to the other end telling other passengers we recognized the flight was leaving - this could have been a issue with the Cabo airport but Sunwing showed no concern. The only reason the flight back to TO was tolerable was my wife and I had an empty seat between us - lots more room. I'd rather pay a little more and have a more accommodating airline.
Overall a horrible experience. Booked a vacation to Cancun through this company. I can understand delays due to weather and safety. My wife and I both seated in different sections for both directions of our trip. We requested seats together but this seems to be too complicated of a task for this company. Found that there were many other couples and families that this happened to as well. Seats extremely cramped on plane. Mine was broken did not recline. Also when we arrived in Cancun and boarded our bus for our transfer to resort we waited for approx 70 mins after getting on bus to leave airport. We landed at 1.30 pm and were told it was approx 45 mins to our resort. Problem was that this bus carried many other Sunwing customers going to other resorts and the bus was to stop at each one. Ours was the last. We did not arrive to our resort until 6.30 pm! Approx 4 hours later! Will never use Sunwing again.
Flew from Edmonton to Veradero on Feb 14 stayed at Paridisus Princesa Del Mar Resort and returned to Edmonton 7 days later. If you did not sit in rows 1 to 8 or 15 to 21 you did not get a choice of food item. The item left was left over for a reason absolutely disgusting greasy pastry (pizza type) item for both breakfast and dinner. Cabin crew were poor on flight to Veradero. Sat on bus in Veradero for almost an hour waiting for Sunwing reps to try and find 4 people that had likely taken a taxi to their resort and could not be bothered to let the Sunwing reps know. Return trip cabin crew were nicer food was still disgusting. Most of the flights luggage was left in Veradero due to "the plane being too heavy". Our baggage was flown to Vancouver trucked to Edmonton and then sent by bus requiring us to drive to nearest bus depot and retrieve. We received our luggage 8 days after getting home (I guess we should be thankful we received it at all). Will likely not book a Sunwing Vacation ever again and not sure Cuba is on our future travel list either.
We just flew Toronto to Ixtapa. I booked through a travel agent and there was no mention about a 5kg carry-on weight limit - so we were very disappointed and frustrated to have to check 2 of our 4 small carry on bags. Flight was on time both ways - good job food was horrific. Champagne was awful - they shouldn't call it that (it's a tacky gimmick). One movie over four hours on the way there - no movie on the way back because the system was down and basic indifference for the lost 2 hours of entertainment. Flight staff were average - none were particularly friendly. Drink service was limited - felt like we should have had the cart come around at least one more time - I was totally parched when we got there. Staff at check-in in Ixtapa were the best part of the experience - too bad they weren't all as good. At over $800 a ticket I certainly don't think it was particularly good value - that is certainly one of the most expensive tickets I've purchased - and it came with the worst amenities. I'd fly Sunwing again but only as a last resort.
Sunwing is awful. The champagne service is a joke. The ads show a champagne glass filled with champagne and they even say "Bon voyage glass of sparkling wine" meanwhile it is about an ounce of sparkling wine in a plastic cup you would expect salad dressing to be served in. I mean can't they even use the plastic wine cups? So misleading. Furthermore the "hotel towel service" is nothing more than a small wet napkin that has been warmed up. The seats were terribly uncomfortable and small. My last flight the air regulator was broken and it was stifling on the flight. I will never willingly fly Sunwing again! Also no TVs on the back of seats so bring your glasses if you get stuck in a row that is far from the nearest TV. The food was awful.
Just got back Toronto from a trip from to Cuba. Friends of ours had to wait over an hour for Sunwing to get their daughter a wheelchair to get through customs. They were then rushed to get on the flight "first" where they were put on the plain but their daughter had to stay outside on the tarmac until every other passenger got on. At Toronto they again did not have a wheelchair ready and were last off. The food was terrible. Apparently a cheese croissant is considered pizza? There was no inflight movie. The flight attendants seemed lost whenever they attempted to make an announcement. At times we had no idea what they were trying to say. One example "We are preparing to land so we will be landing soon. When we land which will be happening momentarily".
Took Sunwing to MBJ Jamaica Jan 26/15 and return Feb 09/15 YEG Canada. These were the worst flight experiences I've had in 35 yrs of aviation employment and extensive airline holiday required flying. They allowed a drunk to upset the flight down with loud disruptive and aggressive behaviour. The FA helped by supplying doubles to him throughout the flight. Our return trip included a very poorly padded seat with fold out of the arm table trays which made it very cramped and uncomfortable a screaming child right behind us that FA did nothing to help calm down. A diversion to YWG for fuel because of head winds. The pilot did inform us ahead that this might occur! No Enforcement of no cellphone use as we were being refuelled with passengers onboard.
Future first preference would not be Sunwings Airlines. Our departure to Cancun on Feb 22 was 1.5 hrs late - announcement was made informing us the pilot had called in sick and head office in Toronto had mistakenly not replaced him!! No compensation for this delay was provided. Planes felt quite old seating space really small and lacking cushioning no space in seat back to put your things pop-down TV's outdated static sound and food was of poor quality. The small amt of champagne (on the way over only) the warm 'hot' towel and chocolate mint were not enough to impress. Attendants on the return flight were much friendlier and out servicing more. Sunwings/Nexus rep.s at the resort seemed to be always available friendly and helpful.
Flew last week Calgary to Punta Cana. They have crammed more seats into their small 737. You hardly have room to breathe. They don't tell you this but apparently now they cannot go direct from there to anywhere in the west. We learned on plane that they had to go to Hamilton for fuel. We were on that for almost 9 hrs getting into Calgary 1.5 hrs late cramped up in the plane. The crew got to change in Hamilton. There were flights to Edmonton and Vancouver and they too had to go to Hamilton. Airline should either stop flying these long routes or get planes that can go that distance. Never again.
Very disappointed. Flew with Sunwing on February 21 2015 checked in on time and we were told to go and wait in lounge area with other travellers our flight was 8.45 am and we were called at 8.35 to go through customs - it was crazy. Later found out they were not suppose to do that. On top of that our flight was delay 2.5 hrs we had to get to Miami for a cruise leaving at 4 got to Miami and it took forever to get our luggage but luckily for Carnival they were very patient and got us to ship. We boarded the ship at 4 pm. Flew back with Sunwing on Mar 1 was delayed again - not surprising. Staff had no idea what they were doing. Don't think I would fly with them again. You would think they would get it right by now with all the negative reviews.
Departure was 1.5 hrs late - it was announced that the pilot had called in sick and head office in Toronto mistakenly did not replace him! Nothing was offered to passengers to compensate for the delay. The plane felt older with outdated overhead viewing screens static sound seating space is small and uncomfortable no place in seat back to tuck your things and food was of poor quality. The 'extras' - wee bit of champagne (only on the way over) warm/hot towel and chocolate mint - were not enough to impress. Staff on the return flight were out more and much friendlier than on the way over. Sunwing (Nexus) reps. were at the airport to assist although there was initially some confusion and they were available friendly and helpful at the resort.
Ottawa to Cancun Feb 9-16/15. Delayed coming back for 4 hrs with no explanation. Very old airplane with some sort of Russian language everywhere. Seats were so worn that there was no foam to sit on. Extremely cramped and uncomfortable. Had same experience Dec/14. We will never fly them again - even it was free!
We flew to Punta Cana recently and I wanted to add my review regarding the service and overall experience with Sunwing. Their planes are old and purchased from other airlines. The leg room is non existent! Their on time departure is never "on time". The flight attendants are hit and miss but mostly miss. As I'm sure they deal with frustrated vacationer all the time. Check in staff have very poor customer service. If you can avoid flying or booking a trip with them I would highly recommend it!
Return trip Varedero to Winnipeg Sat March 7/Sunday March 8/15 Flt WG679. Vacate room for noon. Must wait till pick up bus at 9.05pm. No bus taxi to airport for 11.40 flight. Flight delayed till 3.45 am. Board at 3.50am Leave after 4am. Arrive Wpg after 8 am. Been up over 26 hours. Never again on Sunwing. Terrible flight times.
Very disappointed. Flew Ottawa to Cancun WG 553. Paid extra for Elite Plus - seats are not wider nor is there extra leg room. We were seated in Row 1 next to a single bathroom and galley with people lining up for the bathroom. We had passengers banging into our legs and chairs as they made room for the flight attendants to go by. Do not bother to pay extra for Elite Plus seats. Our flight was scheduled to leave at 5pm it was delayed and did not take off until 9pm. Sunwing Staff did not bother to apologize once for the delay to all the waiting passengers nor bothered to provide an explanation for the delay. Unacceptable. We arrived in Cancun at 1.30am and waited for our luggage for 1 hour! Again no apology or explanation from Sunwing Staff. We arrived at our hotel at 3.30am when we were supposed to be there at 9.30pm. Our family was exhausted and the following day was spent recovering and catching up on sleep and as a result we lost a day. The crew were unprofessional and rude. Cancun-Ottawa WG554 our plane was delayed for 1.5 hours and again passengers did not receive an apology or an explanation for the delay. We will never fly Sunwing Airlines and we will gladly pay extra for other airlines that understand and deliver good customer service!
Never again! We were supposed to be home at 8pm on Feb 18 from Mexico we got home at 3am Feb 19. There was not enough food water was rarely offered. We were supposed to be direct home to Edmonton but were diverted to Winnipeg! We travel quite a bit and always go away in the winter but I would not recommend this airline.
Very disappointed in Sunwing! Outbound I wasn't able to check in online so at the airport early. Was given row 28 at rear of plane. The flight magazine was so soiled the attendant didn't like touching it. There was wads of gum stuck in the window. When food finally arrived they ran out on row 27 with only one choice for us in row 28. Leaving Mexico the Sunwing rude personal wouldn't let us carry on our luggage which was underweight and that we had carried on in Vancouver. She then gave us row 32 even thought we were 3 hours early at the terminal. She also insisted it was a direct flight to Vancouver. At 6pm we left Los Cabos and flew 55 minutes south to Puerto Vallarta sat on the ground for 50 minutes before a 4.5 hour flight to Vancouver. This was not a direct flight and not only in a non reclining chair but no food until after 9pm. Seven hours to get home from Mexico! Never again with Sunwing.
After booking and paying for a direct flight from Vancouver B.C. to Los Cabos we were flown to Puerto Vallarta made to disembark pick up our luggage go through customs recheck our luggage and get back on the same plane! Then flown back to Los Cabos. The flight back home was similar. Lost 2 full days to travelling for a 4.5 hour original flight! Will never fly or recommend this airline again. Everyone on this flight was very angry.
Flight WG063 from St. Petersburg Florida to Toronto on February 23. I arrived 2 hours before the departure time and I had purchased Elite pkg. There was no Elite service and the line up was extremely long. It took over an hour and a half to get to the counter to receive my boarding pass. It seemed very disorganized. Then the passengers were rushed through the security section ducking under the line barriers as the flight was being called. I have flown many times with Sunwing and I must say I was very disappointed with the service on this flight.
This airline's service has diminished significantly over several years. Their fleet is old and small so when they have mechanical issues as old planes are prone to do they don't have the fleet capacity to replace those planes to avoid delays. Our most recent trip to Mexico was delayed 2.5 hours on the way in and 6 hours on the way back due to - surprise - mechanical problems. Their fleet is ancient the plane on the way back had ashtrays in the chair armrests. During the delay we had no communication the reps on the resort notified no one about the delay with the result that the guests scheduled to leave that day were packed and ready to go when they were told they would have to stick around in the lobby for another 6 hours to wait for their airport bus which turned into an even longer wait at the airport. Sunwing then changed gates at the airport twice without informing the waiting passengers. It was a fiasco. Funny thing is we had paid over $100 extra per adult to return on the earlier flight (there was a cheaper option for a later flight). Sunwing took our money but then only provided the cheaper later option for flying out anyway. No refunds were ever issued.
Travelled from Ottawa to Cuba in February 2015. Meals were terrible. Seats so close together you could barely move. No champagne on return flight. No hot beverages. Flight delayed leaving then took 5 hours to get to Cuba but only 3.5 hours return. Ended up in Cuba with no money and I mean no money because our cards were not acceptable. Only enough cash to pay tax to depart. Sunwing Reps could do nothing to help us. Poor service to say the least.
Flew from Toronto to Varadaro Cuba on February 12 2015. Our 0700 hrs. departure was delayed until 1530 hrs due to a mechanical issue on the beat up old 727 they had. Lost an entire day of our vacation. Flight back to Toronto on 19 February was on time but it took two hours to get our baggage off of the plane. We paid an additional $60. on the return flight for upgraded elite plus seating and priority baggage. Our seat was fine but our baggage arrived with everyone else's two hours after landing. The flight crews were great the overall experience - terrible!
We chartered for a 2 week all-inclusive trip to Cuba in February of 2015. The seats were very very close together and the aisle was so narrow that the refreshment cart could just get by. One could not get past the cart unless you stood in someone's space until the cart went by. On the return flight the elderly guy behind me kept bumping the back of my seat probably with his knees and hopefully unintentionally thus waking me up whenever I dozed off. Our "dinner" comprised of one piece of 2x4 piece of "pizza". They only have one drop down TV screen for 3 rows of seats and no choice of movies. The red-eye flight was brutal. Leave YVR at 7 pm arrive Cuba at 12.30 5.30 am Cuba time. The return is worse. Leave Cuba at 6 am and after a 7 hour flight arrive YVR at 10 am BC time. On a positive note the stewardess was very efficient and calm when the lady in front of us got sick and passed out. Would I travel with Sunwing again? No.
So disappointed in our recent trip with Sunwing. We booked a direct non-stop flight from Edmonton to Huatulco in October. In January we received confirmation of the trip. Three days later we were notified that we would now be traveling via Winnipeg on both legs of the trip. No explanation why. Just told that it's within Sunwing's legal rights to make changes. This added an extra 3 hours to each leg of our trip. On top of that the plane was old food scarce and not tasty ground staff dismissive and no in-flight entertainment to speak of. So disappointing as the resort we were at was fantastic.
Just returned home from St Maarten. My wife and I flew Sunwing for our first time. Everything was fine until we arrived back in Toronto on Sunday night. We sat on the tarmac for half an hour because no gates were available. Once we finally got off the plane and made our way down to baggage we sat there for two and half hours before they told us that the luggage was not going to be unloaded off the plane due to the cold temperature. The place went crazy and no one with any authority from Sunwing was present to provide proper details to a very tired group of passengers. 4 days later we finally received our luggage.
We booked an all inclusive wedding pkg over a year in advance being assured of the best price and non stop flight from Edmonton to Huatulco. We got neither. Our flight ended up going to Winnipeg both coming and going and others in the wedding party on the same flight got a much better price. Unfortunately other things happened that I am unable to talk about. I have traveled many times before and this was by far my worst experience.
We have traveled twice in the last two months on this airline and found the service to be extremely slow the food awful. On our last trip we were in the air for over 6 hrs and I turned on my overhead light for service (another drink) only had one to that point as that was all that offered up till then. To be told we would be landing in 1 hr and I could wait till then and could my drinks for free at the resort. Very rude comment and also we were only landing to drop off people at Punta Cana and still had approx. another 3 hrs of air time. All four trips (2 to point of destination and 2 return) they had run out of tomato juice before they had got to our row 11. The movies were bad and then to have to watch 3 same re-runs of a sitcom after - that's bad. Both trips we thought were direct flights and only found out after we paid that there were stoppages on all. Not to mention delays at airports or on runway. Always was something going wrong!
We booked a direct flight to Huatulco from Edmonton for early February 2015. Two weeks before our flight we were notified that our direct flight was now a connection to Winnipeg and would mean leaving two hours earlier and arriving two hours later than originally planned. Since we had not purchased the cancellation insurance - or as we now call it the Sunwing messes you over insurance" - we had no options but to spend 9 hours each day travelling that reduced our 7 day vacation down to 5 days. What was worse about all of this was that when we picked up people in Winnipeg - it was approximately 30% of the plane. So they choice to connect in Winnipeg and inconvenience 70% of their passengers rather than connecting in Edmonton and inconveniencing 30% of their passengers. This was not our first travel experience with Sunwing but I can assure you - it will be our last.
Jan 30/15 WG521 to Puerto Vallarta return WG 522 Feb 6th. 28 of us going to a wedding. We paid extra for Elite Plus and did get extra legroom but still cramped 3x3 seating audio system unintelligible food average. A cold pizza accompanied by a 2 oz. glass of complimentary wine cabin staff sat around no drink service even forgot the complimentary glass of champagne on return trip.
Feb 15 2015 flight 619 from Cuba. Delayed 8.5 hours on direct flight to Saskatoon had to redirect to Toronto to fuel up as we were too heavy. Had to sit in the plane for 2.5 hours in Toronto as well. Sunwing service on flight was rude and lack of food for such a delay. 188 people on board this flight. Were to land in Saskatoon at 8am Sunday morning finally made it to Saskatoon at 6pm Sunday night. We will never fly Sunwing again nor recommend to anyone we know. Very unprofessional chaotic unorganized rude lack of communication. All around a terrible experience. Were told we could not recline seats and made for a very uncomfortable flight both ways.
This airline has a reputation for being terribly late. Our flight to Cancun was delayed 8 hours which resulted in a full day loss on our trip. They would tell us every hour "the plane will be here in an hour" but that went on for 8 hours. Our 6am flight turned into a 3pm flight which means they served us old breakfast sandwiches on the plane. The return flight was also delayed. We were picked up at our resort at 6:50pm and our plane finally departed at 3.30am. The flight attendants handed out $75 coupons to everyone for the delays but they ran out of copies for the last row of the plane (where I sat). This was January 5th. Still haven't received my coupon.
Currently sitting on tarmac for flight WG571. Not impressed with the lack of communication and services with this flight. Was boarded at 3.30 when flight was scheduled to depart at 3. Was further told that luggage was delayed being boarded on plane when actuality was the previous flight luggage had not even been removed. No working sink in the bathroom. Hopefully return trip from San Jose Del Cabo will be better.
I will never fly Sunwing again. Currently I am sitting on a plane on the Tarmac in Toronto. I have been here 2 hours (it was supposed to be at most a 60 min stop for fuel). I was supposed to fly home to Saskatoon direct from Cuba but apparently due to wind that was not possible. This of course after I am awake all night waiting for a delayed plane. Sunwing is terrible at communicating delays with their customers. We were unable to obtain info in Cuba as to what was going on the customer care center was not answering. Finally a fellow traveller called Saskatoon to find out what was going on. It was then we learned we would be re-routed - something Sunwing kept denying once we got to the airport in Cuba. I can understand delays related to weather but a delay related to an airlines greed and tight schedule is totally inappropriate. Also inappropriate is the airlines failure to communicate with their customers.
This airline has a reputation for not being on time as I have now discovered. We were on a flight on December 21 2014 to Punta Cana and the flight was delayed for an hour with no explanation. On the return flight from Punta Cana to Toronto the flight was delayed 3 hours. Once we boarded we were advised by the Pilot that there was a mechanical problem but they would be able to obtain the required information from the ground? We were also advised that the air conditioning was not functioning but once airborne the air condition would be resolved. The Sunwing customer service is non existent and especially if you purchased the package through a Travel Agent their response was that they did not communicate directly with customers and it would be necessary to contact the Travel Agent for assistance. Try contacting anyone at Sunwing not possible! They do provide customer service and avoid any contact with customers as much as possible. Would not book any vacations again with Sunwing.
Flight 764 Jan 11 2015. Montreal to Sint Maarten. Flight 765 Jan 18 2015. Sint Maarten to Montreal. We found the ground crew to be very courteous and that is where our compliments stop. I have never seen cabin seating so tight and I am only 5 ft tall. The planes are not only cramped but also outdated not having screens behind the seats. On our return voyage which departed Sint Maarten at 6.30 pm we did not see any cabin crew for 2 hours after take off. We could not get water or any beverages until halfway through the trip. I have travelled with Air Canada WestJet Thomas cook and Air Transat and have found those experiences more enjoyable. I will avoid any destination in the future if Sunwing is the carrier. It is most definitely not pleasant feeling like I am being herded like cattle in tight spaces. Surely with the money being saved on cheaper fuel today Sunwing could take out a few rows of seating In order to allow its passengers to be able to shift a little in their seat. On a final note I am happy that I did not pay a premium for Elite as the seats appeared to be at best 2 inches larger.
Purchased a 4 night trip to Nassau flight scheduled to leave Toronto at 6.10pm (WG746) arriving in Nassau at 9.35pm. We were delayed with no explanation for 3 hours. After de-icing we took off around 9.20pm We were in the air for about an hour and a half the Pilot messaged that one of the 2 airplane systems is down and we have to fly back to Toronto. There are plenty of airports in the states to land in but Sunwing decided to fly back to Toronto. We landed back in Toronto at around midnight. I bought a 4 night trip the first night is done by the time we fly back to Nassau it will 4am the earliest. No food or drink were served customers were complaining. I opted not to go to Nassau since we lost so much time and asked to be let off the plane. I emailed Sunwing looking for my money back or hesitantly a replacement trip. Awaiting a response. I would pay the extra money to fly another airline.
If you fly to Cuba chances you will get a direct flight but if like us you are going to Mexico chances you will stop somewhere in Cuba to let some passengers off. Lost a full day of vacation because of travel time. On return they made us wait over an hour for our luggage (yes the airline is responsible for delivery of luggage). Even the Customs Agent waiting for us to show our customs cards was laughing and guessed we were with Sunwing. Never again.
We just returned from a 7 day vacation to Los Cabos. What was initially a direct flight turned into a 14 hour nightmare both ways. We left WPG (late) at 10 am Jan 8th and did not arrive at our hotel until midnight. We left the resort at 10 am Jan 15 and did not arrive in WPG until midnight. We paid for Elite Service each way and while we received it on the trip out no one who booked elite seats were assigned them on the return flight. We were encouraged to book excursions in-flight for better pricing which turned out to be a bad idea because we could have received 3 for the price of 2 at the hotel. Had no representation at the airport - everyone was just told to call customer service which we did however to date no one has bothered to return our call. Will definitely look for another airline next time we travel and we take a minimum of 2 each year. Horrible customer service. Someone should at least acknowledge your phone call or email.
First off let me say I have flown many airlines including charter carriers. Sunwing was by far the worst experience I have had flying. Staff were extremely rude and unhelpful. On our outbound flight Edmonton to Varadero we had a stewardess ask us to move out of the walkway so she could get by-and by asking I mean in a snarly tone 'sir you need to move I need to get past'. I replied back by saying 'give me one moment just getting my bag in the overhead bin' she ended up pushing her way past. Are they not there to assist us in helping the plane take off as scheduled and not be pushy. On our return flight - before even taking off you could here 2 of the attendants fighting with each other that there was not enough food on the flight to feed everyone - that is exactly what you want to hear after spending a week in Cuba! The aircraft's themselves are very small and cramped even if you are shorter. Overall I would be willing to pay more to fly on a competitors flight to avoid traveling with Sunwing. I would not recommend it.
Booked a supposedly direct flight all Inclusive vacation to Los Cabos Mexico leaving Winnipeg Xmas day returning on New Years day Flight was changed 3 weeks before departure now leaving 3 hours later than originally scheduled the return flight was changed to leaving 3 hours later again but we had to stop at Ixtapa to let people disembark and to embark a nightmare of a flight. We were on the plane for 8 long hours very disappointed as the reason we booked with Sunwing was because of the convenient originally advertised flights. They know exactly what they are doing to maximize profits combining two flights and disrespecting their customers by only changing flights after booking. Never flying Sunwing again as they cannot be trusted.
I booked a trip from Ottawa to Cancun from December 8th to 12th. I was assured that this was a direct flight. 24 hours prior to us leaving I received a phone call from Sunwing informing us that we now have to stop in Cayo-Coco Cuba to offload some passengers. I was very upset with the agent and she informed me that they are allowed to do this as per the fine print on the agreement. We were told that it would only take 30 minutes and it was closer to an hour. The flight back is where this falls apart. We were scheduled to leave Cancun at 8.10pm when we arrived to check in we were informed that the flight will be delayed and that we are now leaving at 10.10pm. We were not informed by any Sunwing rep and the flight kept getting delayed more and more. Finally a Sunwing Rep spoke on the intercom and updated us that we would be leaving at 1.20am. We didn't leave Cancun until 3am. The Flight attendants were the most unprofessional I have met in all my years of travelling. I will never use Sunwing again.
My wife and I recently travelled with Sunwing to Cancun for a two week vacation. The flights to and from Cancuun consisted of rude staff poor service and horrible food. When we arrived in Cancun it took SunWing 2 hours to arrange our transfer from the airport to our hotel leaving us and a number of other guests who had young children standing on the curb for that time. Our return flight originating in Cancun was a disaster. During check-in the agent informed us that we were over our baggage limit which was not possible as we were returning with the same bags with which we had arrived (no additional weight). When we explained to them at length that we had purchased an extra baggage allowance and showed the receipt they replied we did not that we only had advanced seat selection and early boarding with our additional purchase. This was not the story we got either from the agent when booking or at the Calgary airport agent during check in. They both stated that the package we bought included extra baggage. We ended up having to explain ourselves to the check in agent the manager and another customer service rep but to no avail. We were told the only way we would be able to take our bags home was to pay an additional $100 or to take our bags and leave. We were given two options: either pay for the additional baggage or take our bags and leave. Of course we ended up paying the baggage fee of $100 but we left feeling very disappointed in our choice of booking on SunWing especially when we had other choices for this trip. We had made our decision to book with SunWing based in part on the additional baggage we would be allowed but it is clear that the additional baggage offering is not what it appears to be. We will never book with Sunwing again and advise others to find other vacation providers. We travel frequently and have had some great experiences and some mediocre experiences nothing we couldn't live with. But this experience is by far the worst and was worth taking the time to comment about.
Travelled to Cuba 30 Dec returned 13 Jan. No movie enroute plus no headsets to listen to on return miscount of babies and were delayed almost an hour while recount was done. The smoked meat was horrible couldn't eat it. I had paid for the Elite plus package and the stewardess wanted $3 for the headset on the return because she had informed that they were not free anymore even after I had questioned it because I was entitled to them with the elite package and what first run movies. To make things worst I paid $200 extra for this package when a passenger sitting next to me had his family of five sitting in the preferred seats at no extra cost to him. If this isn't false advertisement what is.
Absolutely worst airline service ever. Flight was delayed from 8pm to 3am because of weather and late flights and we were sent to the airport and passed through customs only to be told that the flight was cancelled because the crew needed rest. We then had to pass through all the arrival procedures and security checks. We eventually arrived at another hotel at 4 in the morning and it took 2 hours to check in because there were 180 passengers and 3 clerks. Everyone got to bed at around 6am. The next morning the flight was set to leave at 6 pm but none of the Sunwing representatives had any idea what was going on. After arriving the airport for the second time the flight was constantly delayed by 10 minutes for reasons unknown to everyone. The flight ending up leaving 2 and a half hours later. When we arrived back in Canada everyone thought this nightmare was over until we find out the baggage is locked into the plane because of a frozen door. We ended up having to wait an extra 2 hours for our luggage. Total delay time 26 hours.
We left Vancouver on Dec 31 and everything was fine except for the non working entertainment problem - the service was good and friendly. However on the return flight from Cancun Jan 7 after 3 gate changes we were en-route for Vancouver - tired thirsty and most of our $ spent in the airport- after about 1/2 hour in the air the stewardess came around asking if anyone wanted to buy a bottle of water. Another 1/2 hour or so they came around with a comp glass of water (about 3 mouthfuls) and then they left again behind the curtain - they were fixing our food I guess. They ran out of one selection just after of our seat (10) then they came again - duty free sales. Finally they came and gave another half glass of water or pop. It seemed as though their priority was to sell everything we had already paid for. Why sell water on a flight where they are supposed to include it? The seats are cramped together and its a tight fit for anyone over 180 lbs to even sit in the seat. The seats themselves are probably the least comfortable I have ever flown on - and I have been in a lot of aircraft. If the lack of service that was displayed by these stewardess is any indication of Sunwing then I will never be back.
We booked a return flight from Montreal to Puerto Plata with Sunwing Airlines. Both flights were supposed to be direct flights. I booked the flight because of this reason only. 1 week before the departure we received an e-mail that we would fly to Punta Cana first and then back to Puerto Plata. Flight # WG428. Consequently I phoned Sunwing Airlines and also send an e-mail to their Customer Service pointing out that I paid for a direct flight. The customer service person answering the phone told us in a not very pleasant way that this is what Sunwing can do and it is in their conditions. The e-mail request didn't get answered at all. I pointed out that at time of booking I spoke with the reservation agent and was told it would be a direct flight. Additionally arriving in Punta Cana we had to leave the plane (which we were assured it wouldn't happen) and re-board. Instead of a 5 hour flight we needed 9 hours. If I add up the costs (we had to pay separate for everything) the customer service and the treatment in general this was my last trip with Sunwing. I wouldn't recommend this airline at all.
Travelled YYC-CUN return. Check in on both flights was quick as we had purchased the premium package. First flight was uneventful although it took far too long to start service. Breakfast was disgusting though. The return flight was marginal. The washrooms ran out of water shortly into the flight. When I asked for another drink I was told quite rudely that meal service was starting in a few minutes so I'd have to wait. 30 minutes later with no sign of any meals I asked again and was told bluntly no I'd have to wait. It would be bad if they were a full service airline to get such an attitude but for one who charges for drinks it's also pretty stupid. Not the biggest deal but wasn't a nice way to end our vacation. Everything else was fine but only just. Unless they have a major sale I won't travel with them again.
We arrived at the Edmonton Airport 2 hours prior to our flight with Sunwing to go to Cancun. We booked a $5000 package through Sunwing for our trip. The gate agent was outright rude snappy and demanding. Apparently there were only 2 seats left next to each other in front of the emergency exit which do not recline which i found hard to believe. She set the tone for our experience with Sunwing. We arrived at the gate to find the flight delayed by 2.5 hours however she didn't bother mentioning that at check in. No Sunwing staff in sight. Other passengers waiting around complaining that this happens with Sunwing all the time. That lady working the gate the morning of January 5th 2015 should not be in a customer service role. Sure put a bad taste in our mouth when prior to that we were excited to go to Mexico.
I booked a non-stop flight from PIE to Toronto. Instead my flight has been delayed by 1hr and my arrival to Toronto has been delayed by more than 6 hours. What was a direct 3 hour flight has now turned into a +6 hour multi-layover flight. What kind of second tier airline is this? In addition to this we haven't been notified of any compensation. I would not recommend this airline to anyone.
WG547 4th Nov. Returned on 18th WG 548. Do not know where the pictures they have on TV are taken but nothing like we experienced. Champagne was served (about 1 ounce in bottom of a little plastic glass). When questioned were told what do you expect for free. Staff were busy trying to sell tours or duty free for which they must get bonus as they did not care that travellers were looking for service. It was evident if not buying a tour or duty free we were seen as a nuisance. Seats were small even when we paid for elite we were put in regular seating flights were changed to having a stop coming and going from Van to Calgary so much for our direct flight to Hultuco. Best thing was the resort.
Our package was to provide a non-stop flight to and from our vacation destination which was changed without compensation to include a stop on our return flight. After arriving at the originally unscheduled stop we were told to disembark and remove all of our carry-on's from the plane. We were herded through pouring rain to an awaiting bus deposited in a waiting area then sent through a security check. This involved personal scans and a scan of all our carryon luggage. We were then queued back through the rain to our bus back to the plane where we waited in line in the rain while passengers searched for their boarding passes required to re-enter the plan. What a disaster! I have never received such terrible service.
Travelled from Ottawa to Varadero. Boarded the plane on time and sat on the ground for additional 30 minutes while the announcement came that they were still loading baggage. Once in the air the crew took their time getting the drink service going. 50 minutes into the 3.5 hours flight they encountered some turbulence and this continued off and on for 1.5 hours. Finally a rushed food service where they threw you a sandwich and cookies. 30 minutes before the plane landed they announced the waste system was full and the lavatories could no longer be used. Even though we spent 30 extra minutes on the ground because of baggage loading no one thought to empty the toilets on the plane.
I booked a vacation from Calgary to Varadero Cuba leaving on Oct 30/14 and returning November 7/14. Flight was scheduled to depart at 7 am and I was advised we must be at the airport 3 hours in advance (4 am) as the check in counter closes 1 hour prior to departure. They also advise that you check your flight status before you leave for the airport to ensure there are no delays which I did right before I left home and the flight was "on time". I arrived at the airport as instructed to find a huge line up at the check in counter however no Sunwing staff in sight. I again checked the flight status and it was still saying "On Time". After waiting for an hour and continuously checking the flight status I attempted to contract the call center which does not open until 6 am ironically. Eventually 2 hours later Sunwing staff showed up to check us in after waiting at the counter. When questioned as to why we were delayed I was advised by a Sunwing employee "I don't know why they tell you to be here 3 hours in advance we don't start work until 6 am". Finally we check in rush through security and board the plane. On the plane I found the flight attendants lazy and rude. You had to request drinks as well as snacks and after enough people started asking they finally came around. On a 6 hour flight they only offered a tiny glass of pop/water to drink twice. If you asked for anything you received attitude. I found the breakfast sandwich to be decent however although I may have just been that hungry as I missed my chance to eat anything before boarding due to the delay on the part of Sunwing. The seats are really uncomfortable and you have no room. The person in front reclined their seat and practically hit me with it. Their TV's are hard to see and movie choices were terrible. Finally made it to Varadero and thankfully the resort was great. On the way home flight was on time we actually watched it arrive and saw all the passengers deplane. Then again without any explanation were delayed with no Ssunwing staff around to advise when they would be boarding or advise there was a delay. Overall the service was the same on the way back The flight attendants were not attentive at all and you had to ask for drinks. I normally fly Westjet and I can say there is no comparison between the two. I am not a fan of Air Canada but can safely say I would fly them no questions asked before I would ever fly Sunwing again.
Returning to Toronto from Varadero Cuba. Flight WG683 was supposed to leave from Varadero at 8.30 pm on Monday October 27 2014 arriving to Toronto 11.55pm. We flew with Elite Plus. Our flight was delayed 4 hours we were told at the last minute. We had to hang around the hotel dressed to leave. We did not get seated before everyone else as our flight going to Varadero we had to stand in line with everyone else. We also did not get champagne service. Why did we pay elite plus? I was very disappointed.
Take note! If you are planning a vacation with Sunwing please think again. This charter airline is starting to get a bad reputation due to their continual delays getting people to their destination or home. We are in Puerto Vallarta and were supposed to go home today. Our flight has been delayed by 14 hours! Unacceptable and never again.
After getting to Vancouver airport for a 7am flight we were informed that our flight was delayed and we would be leaving at 3pm. So off to a friends place we went seeing as we don't live in Vancouver and have a 19 month old with us. Upon returning to the airport we were told that it was delayed again to 5.45 and they gave us a $20 food credit to make up for it. After we finished lunch we walked back into the airport and on the departure listing our flight was delayed again this time 7.40 pm so now we have been waiting for over 12hr and have lost a day from our holiday. I will never travel with them again.
We just got back from our trip to Santa Clara Cuba on 23-30th August 2014. Our airline was Sunwings. It was our first experience of flying with that company. When the departure from Toronto to Cuba got 3 hours delayed we understood and waited patiently for out flight. Our vacation in Iberostar Ensenachos was absolutely amazing but the flight back from Santa Maria to Toronto on 30th August was awful. The flight got delayed more than once and the overall delay was over 9 hours. Moreover that delay was during night time and all of us (with our children) spent all that time waiting with our luggage in the hotel lobby bus station and airport. Got home exhausted frustrated and more tired than before the vacation. We recovered from that trip for two days and the impression of the vacation was ruined due to the flight experience. Flying with Sunwings is a waste of money and energy. It was our first and last trip with Sunwings airlines.
On Aug 28 2014 I booked a flight to St. John's N.L. The flight was suppose to leave at 8.20am and arrive in St. John's at 12.50pm. The flight was delayed 6 hours! We didn't arrive until 7pm that evening. I was very disappointed that the airlines had no one there to tell us what was going on or that the flight was delayed they should have shown some common courtesy by having someone to explain. Instead we stood in a line that wasn't moving wondering why it wasn't moving. We were told once we got to the desk. I was disgusted. I was to attend a wedding rehearsal and missed it so thank you very much!! I will not make this mistake again and booking a flight with this airlines. Oh but Thank you for the $14.00 food voucher that I did not use.
We just returned from our first trip to Cuba. Our party consisted of 8 members including our two grandchildren ages 1 and 3. Our flight down on Aug 16/14 was delayed 4 hours supposedly as a result of an incident with a plane in Vancouver 36 hours previous? This caused us to arrive at the resort at 3am instead of 11pm as expected. Our return flight WG0305 on Aug 23/14 was also delayed 1.5 hours causing us to arrive back in Toronto at 3am clearing the airport by 4am. I found the communication at YYZ explaining the delay was non existent every time the delay was extended no one said anything. In Cuba the communication of the delay was again not communicated. The pilot indicated it was a result of other flights during the day being delayed thus resulting in our problem. Sunwing and advertise themselves as a family friendly vacation. I think they need to put more effort into improving the reliability of the flight times to allow young families to travel and arrive at a more reasonable time not force them to arrive at destinations well after expected times.
July 19th 2014 flew to Cayo Santa Maria Cuba. At the airport our gate changed four times. We were supposed to be at our hotel by 10.30pm arrived around 2am. Our stay at the hotel was great! No complaints. Now coming home that is a different story. Found out our flight was going to be delayed by 5 hours tried to talk to the Sunwing rep to get anther room because we had four children with us under the age of 8. They were no help and didn't care. We then went and talked to the hotel staff and they found us a room. We were now not supposed to be picked up until 10.30pm. It is an hour and half trip to the airport. We did not land until 7am in Toronto. All of us were up for over 24 hours. That was my first experience with them. Needless to say this is not a one time thing and will never fly with them again. Pay the extra and you will arrive to your vacation on time.
Flew to Los Cabos Dec 5 2013 stopped at Puerto Vallarta on the way down and back. Returned to Toronto a week later. My vacation was ruined because I chose to use Sunwing. The lengthy layovers baggage problems their poor planning terrible food and a tendency to do everything on the cheap regardless of the impact on their passengers. I have never had such terrible food. It would be better just to dispense with meals altogether. The flight staff were so rude. All I asked for was one option that was more in accordance to my lactose reduced diet. They had run out and when I complained I was told to be quiet. If you consider the amount of extra time you have to spend when travelling with them vs another airline you will soon realize that the amount of time you lose beside the pool and your added aggravation could easily offset the savings. Pay a bit more so that your period of relaxation is not filled with stress and frustration and consider the extra time you can spend at the resort.
July 31-Aug 8 2014. The flight was supposed to depart from Toronto at 5 pm arriving at 8.30 pm in Varadero Cuba. First it was delayed until 6.50 pm and then until 11.50 pm (although it took off later than that). The lady at the check-in counter said that there were "mechanical" issues. We accepted that things happen but it wasn't easy for our 4 children to arrive at the Cuban hotel and go to bed at 6.30 am! On the way back the shuttle bus was supposed to pick us up at the hotel at 6pm for a 9.30pm flight. We confirmed the flight was on time with our hotel Sunwing representative at 4pm and hurriedly showered to get ready for the bus. After waiting 45 minutes in the lobby for the bus we checked with the front desk and were advised that the flight had been delayed by 3 hours therefore the bus would be by at 9pm. Our Sunwing representative had said that any delays would be posted on his bulletin board which is where we checked before 6pm and it wasn't there. Apparently the change came around 5.30pm after he had left but the staff didn't post it on his board so we had no clue. We went to the lobby again at 9pm only to hear that our bus wasn't coming until 11pm - two more hours to wait in limbo. Eventually the bus showed up at almost 12am and we departed at 3.30 am! Luckily we live close to the airport and were in bed by 8.30 am. So what are the chances that the same airline would have "mechanical" issues again a week later and at the same time? Why keep delaying the flight every couple of hours? I'm sure they know more than 2 hours ahead of a flight. At least if we knew that we had all those hours to wait at the onset we would have managed our time more efficiently instead of sitting and waiting. It is bad enough to have over 6 hour delays on 3.5 hour flights but when it starts to interfere with eating and sleeping patterns then something has to be done! Unfortunately it seems that our story is one of many and it doesn't seem to be changing anything with the way Sunwing runs its operation. This is a warning from another unsatisfied family to anyone who is considering a vacation with them to really evaluate if saving a few dollars is worth the hassle especially when travelling with children.
Terrible airline. First and only time I will fly with them. Flight to Punta Cana delayed by a late pilot by 3 hours. Pushed our arrival to past 1am. No rep at the resort to help with schedules just a binder. Consulted binder on return trip day. It said 5pm. No transfer arrived by 5.45pm. Worried I would miss my flight I took a $70 cab. At the airport there was no one from Sunwing. A very helpful Air Canada employee informed us of the delay another 5 hours. No way to get through the gate to food or water. Originally due into to Pearson at 2am arrived at 6am. Excuses from the crew was that they have been late for the last eight days and can't seem to make it up. My recommendation is they hire Air Canada to pickup their slack. I highly recommend that you don't fly this airline.
Flight to Jamaica was fine the return flight was a nightmare. Sunwing bus picked us up at hotel lobby at 6.25 am before breakfast was served. Arrived at Montego Bay airport at approximately 9.00 am by the time we checked luggage got through customs and walked across airport to terminal we had only a few minutes to do some Duty Free shopping then board the plane for 10.40 am not enough time to eat. Once on the plane we flew to Puerto Plata waited an hour for people to exit and new people to board. At 4.00 pm I informed the Stewardess that we haven not had an opportunity to eat she blamed us for booking into the flight late despite using their transportation. When they did serve food they ran out by the time they got to us. We had two young kids with us who did not get a proper meal until 9.00 pm. The Stewardess was extremely rude to both myself and my husband sitting in different rows in different conversations/situations.
I traveled from Mexico Cancun on July 16 2014. Myself and my daughter had to check out of our hotel room at noon. Our flight back to Toronto WG 514 was supposed to be at 20.10 and pick up from the hotel at 16.45. When we went around 16.20 to check on our pick up bus to the airport we noticed the Flight Alert and delay from 20.10 to 23.59. In the addition on the alert notice was a mistake to the flight number and original time - mistake from the Sunwing representative. Anyway we were picked up at 20.35 and driven to the airport. Our flight did not leave at midnight what was already 4 hrs of delay we left around 1 am. On the plane we were told that the flight crew was not to blame for this delay that Sunwing is responsible for not scheduling our pick up from Cancun. The flight crew were working on their days off to get us to Toronto. Picking up the luggage took over an hour. The conveyer delivered a few suitcases and as we found out after a few travelers started to get very annoyed tired some with small children the conveyer jammed. They brought the rest of bags on the carts. The whole time in Cancun was very relaxing but the trip back drained all of it out of us. It was my first time using Sunwing next time I will try to avoid them.
Vancouver to Toronto on June 22 red eye and returned on the Toronto to Vancouver 8.30 pm flight. Both flights were delayed. On the Van-TO I was told that they were waiting for a pilot to arrive and we waited 1.5 hours. When we finally boarded although it was obviously a red eye running from 10.30pm to arrive at 6am (original schedule) they did their best to keep us awake during the flight by making loud announcements keeping the lights on and serving us sandwiches/pizza or drinks. On the TO-Van return we were delayed 5 hours. When I checked in at 5pm I was told that they were waiting for a plane to arrive at 10pm so the flight was delayed until 11pm. This time changed again to 12.01 am and we finally left at 1.30 am. When the time stretched to a 5 hour delay the only thing the airline offered was a $15 food voucher. The flight back was better for sleeping. This is truly a case of you get what you pay for. I will never fly Sunwing again.
I traveled with Sunwing June 17 2014. The flight was a complete disaster. My flight was supposed to leave Pearson International at 5.15pm and arrive at Juan Gonzalez airport Varadero Cuba at 8.45pm. The flight got delayed 6 hrs and there was not 1 single Sunwing rep at the gate to tell me what was going on. I left the gate and went to the Sunwing baggage check in they had no idea why the flight was delayed. They gave me a measly $10 food voucher. Flight ended up leaving at 11pm and I did not get to my resort until 3am. Same on the way back 2 hr delay getting home.
Very disappointed with Sunwing all around. Booked a "direct" return flight (April 27 - May 9) Edmonton - Montego Bay. It turns out the advertised direct flight made a stop in Calgary to pick up more people and stopped on the way back as well to let people off. We paid the extra $$$ for Elite seating yet those seats (1a and b) had no extra leg room and were not wider as stated for elite booking. The aircraft was very very old and so small that it could only offer "Bistro Service" in other words sandwiches. The 10 hour return flight was brutally uncomfortable. Their customer service department could not care less when I wrote a complaint. Sunwing has lost our business for life.
Our vacation from Edmonton Al. to Santa Maria Cuba - terrible never again. Flight delayed 15 hrs! Sure they put us at the resort for an extra night but that meant 1.5 hr bus ride back and forth to the resort 4 times. On the return flight our so called breakfast was 2 dry pieces of bread no butter a slice of ham and pepperoni slice of cheese and 2 cookies. This was served at 10.30am no lunch and arrived at 3.30pm to Edmonton.
After a wonderful flight to Varadero Cuba on May 22 2014 my husband and I were disappointed on our return flight to Toronto on May 29th. Our flight was scheduled to return at 10.30pm while at our hotel one of the other guests had received a travel alert that our flight was delayed until 12.05am. The Sunwing representative was nowhere to be located at the resort and the hotel staff indicated that since they had not been advised of any changes the bus was scheduled to picked returning guests at 7.00pm. Upon our arrival at the airport the flight indicated that it was on time at the regular scheduled departure needless to say it was incorrect and we were sitting at the airport over five hours with no explanation! Once on the flight no explanation due to the delay. If we wanted to fly on a red eye we would have booked one. We did not arrive home until 5.30am. Not good customer service by today's standards and expectations.
We booked a trip to Cuba. We liked the fact they offered earlier flights going to Cuba and coming back. 3 times that week we had seen people stranded at the resort because of flight delays. Reason they said was mechanical delays. We didn't think anything until it was our turn to leave the bus did not show up at the correct time to pick us up. When we checked out they phoned to find out where the bus was told our flight was delayed until 11pm putting us in Toronto at 3.30 am in the morning. We were told mechanical problems again. When we get on the plane the pilot proceeds to tell us another story of why we were delayed. Personally I would avoid this airline.
I flew with Sunwing for the first time in January of this year. I was supposed to fly to Varadero Cuba for five nights starting January 11th. My flight to Varadero was delayed a total of 7 times for a total of 23.5 hours. I missed out on 20% of my trip with zero compensation. I know it's January and the weather could be bad that time of year but the weather that day was more like spring no snow no bad weather so I still don't know what all the delays were for. My flight from Cuba back to Ottawa was supposed to leave on January 16th at 8:15 PM : this flight was delayed until 5am the next morning. At 5am the next morning we were all waiting at the airport with no plane in sight. The plane arrived around 7am not a single announcement to let travellers know what the delays were for - when we left Varadero shortly after 7:00am the departure monitor still said 5am (two hours in the past). After months of filling complaints with Sunwing the final result is that they game me a $50 voucher for one of my flights and a $100 voucher for my other flight. I also got a $50 voucher for filling out the customer satisfaction survey. Read the fine print and they have to be used within the next 8 months their non-transferrable they can't be redeemed for cash they can't be used if there's any kind of sale on (Sunwing always has sales on) and I can only use 1 voucher per vacation. So the money I'll spend on one of their vacations with a voucher is way more than the money I'd spend if I just bought a vacation when it's on sale.
Traveling with 3 small kids we carefully selected flights that will work for them and not be disruptive to other passengers (day/morning flights). Sunwing cancelled our day flight and moved us to one night flight there and a red eye return. We NEVER would have booked a trip with our young family with those flights. When we called for help the response was pretty much "we're a charter and don't care about our customers". The only solution they offered was for us to book another day with the hotel directly so our kids can nap in preparation for the red eye home at our own expense of course. We are now dreading the family vacation we saved so long for. Thanks Sunwing on behalf of my family and our fellow passengers who will be wondering why on earth we would take 3 children on a night flight and a red eye!
On April 22nd we (group of 4 passengers) took Sunwing from Montreal to Cancun. It took more than an hour to get our luggage! When we got back on May 6th we had to drop passengers in Quebec City before getting to Montreal airport a 6 hours flight instead of 4 hours and not a direct flight. Last time we took Sunwing to Cancun 7 years ago we had a 12 hour delay for the departure and we had to travel during the night.
I was a passenger on flight WG511 departing from Pearson airport on March 15 2014. This flight was delayed 11 hours 2 of which we were kept on the airplane while repairs were attempted. This was my third flight with Sunwing and I have never been treated so poorly during this delay. The communication to passengers was absolutely despicable not to mention the treatment we received from airline staff while waiting for answers. We were left to frequently check the flight boards for any updates which constantly changed throughout the day leaving us with no real answers. The $15.00 meal voucher system was beyond unorganized. Lining 200+ people up waiting for these hand-written vouchers is unacceptable and this happened twice during our delay. Upon boarding we were given a sheet with instructions on how to claim the loss of an entire day of our all inclusive vacation through insurance as well as a $75 voucher for our next Sunwing flight. The $75 voucher offered was unacceptable.
Travel to Florida in February 2014 and our flight was 2 hours late leaving Halifax and 2 hours late leaving Florida on the return. Tried Sunwing again in April of 2014 for a vacation to Cuba. Our flight was 3 hours late leaving Halifax and our flight was 3 hours late leaving Cuba. Never again will we fly with Sunwing.
I have flown Sunwing 4 times. Twice they have been normal if you are a tall person and need normal leg room do not fly Sunwing. They cramp you in like sardines. 2 bad experiences: Cancun: Our flight was 3.5 hours delayed we were scheduled to leave at 0600 did not leave until 0930. When we got into Cancun we waited 1.5 hrs for luggage. 2nd time - En route to Varadero - our flight was delayed 13 hours out of London all they gave us was a $15 meal voucher for the day. They later gave us $150 credit to book a trip at regular price with them - I would never fly with them again.
Returned from Varadero Cuba yesterday. Flight delayed several hours. We were supposed to be picked up at the resort 1.30 am. However at 12.50 am we were advised our flight was delayed and we wouldn't be leaving the resort until 6.45 am. Back down to pick-up area - the Sunwing bus was late and didn't arrive until 8.30. No information on when the plane was actually leaving. When we arrived at the airport lines were ridiculous. We were in our third line-up for customs - at the back of another huge line-up when they announced our flight was boarding. Pushed our way to front of line - got yelled at incessantly but got through. We were supposed to arrive in Edmonton 9.50 am local time we got home 3.30 pm. When arrived we discovered our friends luggage was left in Cuba. Not sure if we'll go back our resort.
My issue stems from what is essentially a bait and switch scheme used by the carrier. On September 28 2013 I paid for a direct flight from Vancouver BC to Huatulco Mexico leaving March 18 2014. On February 10 2014 by email the carrier changed the flight to include a stopover in Calgary effectively adding over three hours on the plane each way. Sunwings position is that I got a direct flight as I did not change planes in Calgary and that what I was really looking for was a non-stop flight. Notwithstanding that from a travellers point of view the difference in nomenclature is without distinction. It effectively says do not rely on Sunwings advertised flight schedules. I paid a premium price for a direct flight. I did not receive what I paid for.
We were to leave Ottawa for Orlando on Feb 15 2014 at 6am 11.5 hrs later we finally left. Technical difficulties with the plane which we totally understand! But how we were treated was not acceptable. We were not kept aware at all what was going on. From status of plane to when we were leaving to finally no crew! I understand crew can only be there for a certain time length but when it was getting close why was the next crew not notified. But it took them 4+ hrs to get the crew there and then find out plane was not fixed at all where as we had been told it was! Even dealing with Sunwing after we were back they do not like to respond to emails other than standard letters that are not acceptable! We will not be using Sunwing again nor will we ever recommend them.
Flew to Cuba from Fredericton food has gone donehill this was our 7th and last trip to Cuba. Flight was late leaving Fredericton 19th April and late arriving on 26th April. No communication to us while we were waiting to be picked up in Cuba. Pizza definitely not recommended. attendant informed us we should buy the "duty free" on the trip to Cuba because the supplies would be gone on the return flight. So this was done then much to our surprise the Cuban security staff seized our "duty free" alcohol and said we could not even put it in our check in luggage on our way out of Cuba. We now have to declare what we are bringing into Cuba gifts cell phones all electrical devices we are carrying.
On a scheduled return flight from our vacation Sunwing's representatives never contacted us at the hotel to inform us that our flight was delayed. Their online site stated that the flight was on-time. When we arrived at the airport we waited for 3 hours to be told that they would not let us check in and no one was there. It wasn't until 17 hours later that our flight arrived. Horrible communication! No communication! Other passengers were informed to some degree but 30 of us were not. Would never fly Sunwing again or recommend airline to anyone.
I flew from Vancouver (Canada) to Cuba and back. Generally Sunwings provides very poor service: the unfriendly cabin crew and airport check-in staff were inefficient and seemed to hate their jobs. The planes were very dirty. Sunwings is the airline to be avoided.
The customer service is terrible both from the company and once onboard. The flight was on time but once ready for take off they had to go back. The staff had fake smiles and the service was terrible. I was with my 73 year old mother and asked for water the staff told me to wait and that that they would be serving lunch and she would get water then. The food was awful. Everything about this flight is cheap even the earphones they give you don't work. We flew with Air Canada Rouge on the way back 100 times better.
Christmas Day 2013…flying to Cancun with my fiancé. Scheduled to arrive at 4.30pm Dec 25th in Cancun.Actual arrival time: 3.30am Dec 26th. Dec 25th 7.45 am: Arrive at airport to find flight delayed from 10 am to 4.30 pm. Offered $15 food voucher for airport or a cab ride home - no explanation of why there was a delay. We got a hotel room at the airport. At 12.00 pm the departure time changed again to 6.30 pm. At 2.00 pm the departure time changed again to 8.50 pm arriving in Cancun at 3.30 am Dec 26th. Throughout the day we tried calling Sunwing and received a busy signal every time. At 6.45 we left the hotel and made the 5 min walk to the check in desks to find no one at the desks and nothing showing on the screens. At 7.30 a Sunwing agent arrives at the desk. We asked why the flight was delayed and why there was no one there to check us in and she wouldn't answer. Once checked in we head to the gate and it is announced on the overhead speaker that Sunwing will be offering a $75 travel voucher per person for the delay. This is so distasteful considering we paid $442 per day per person for the vacation. Once onboard the pilot came out to make the announcement that they did not have a flight crew. He offered our first drink on him and first wine is always free anyway. We waited just over 2 hours for the first drink/snack cart to come around so thankfully we had brought our own drinks and snacks. That was the only time they came around. Arrived at Cancun airport at 3.30 am and as expected there was only one customs agent working. Our flight home luckily wasn't quite as bad. We only had to change gates because the wrong one was listed on our ticket wait in the hot hallway for 20 minutes after going through the gate because the planing process was so inefficient and took off 35 minutes late. We should have known not to fly with them again but we thought it a normal delay not a regular occurrence.
My fiancé and I were booked to fly to Cayo Santa Maria (CUBA) February 6-13 2014. Our flight was scheduled to leave at 6.10am. Upon arriving at the airport at 4.30am we quickly noticed that the line up was very long. When we finally got to the check-in desk they asked us where we were headed we replied Cayo Santa Maria. We advised her that we had checked in online already and we just needed to print our boarding passes. She took our baggage and weighed it. Right before she was about to send it off a rude manager from the back came and just yelled out "gates to Santa Clara are closed". We were so shocked because it was only 4.55am at that time. We told them the plane would just be sitting there we could still make it. The rep simply told us "please step aside we need to assist other passengers". We found out there were 6 other passengers with us that was left behind. They told us to go to all the other airlines and check if they have open seats and that we are liable for it. Long story short we had to purchase another package for the next morning with same flight time. We knew they were lying to us because we did not board the plane until 5.58am. Please do yourself a favour and pay that extra bucks to avoid any hassle with these unprofessional company.
After a complete disaster of a trip with Sunwing in January I have finally heard back from them regarding my complaint and the best they could do is recite a few paragraphs from the terms and conditions. Our flight was re- routed to Cuba plus we were 5 hours late in leaving to begin with. We didn't get to Cancun until after midnight! On the way home they did it again as we went through Cuba and didn't arrive home until after midnight. So that was 2 days of our 7 day vacation gone! And all they said was sorry but that's what you signed up for.
My wife and I travelled to the Dominican Republic in February. The flight was an hour late (weather) but it was uneventful. The food was good and the crew were helpful. However there's no legroom. I thought Air Transat and Canjet were bad for legroom (Canjet is the worst) but you seem to think that people over five feet tall can get by with the same leg room as shorter people. The 737 is a wonderful aircraft but when you stuff it full of people one can only conclude that corporate greed trumps creature comfort. I'll be sticking with West Jet and Air Canada and I can hardly wait for Porter to get their jets so we can be comfortable on our flights to the Dominican Republic or Cuba or anywhere else for that matter. I understand you charge a premium for extra leg room.
My wife and I have gone on trips on Sunwing before but never again. We were on flight 338 in January this year. They messed up our reservations from first class to economy class we landed at another airport sat on the runway for 2hrs were then put in the airport for 9hrs but did not go through customs (so we could not leave the airport) then taken to a resort (not ours) for 3hrs then back to the airport to wait another 5hrs. We lost 24hrs.
Very disappointed with my flight with Sunwing. Left Cayo Coca (CCC) on March 27 flight 601. I paid the extra $$$ for elite and was seated first row abc. No extra leg room and no extra wide seating as is stated for elite booking. Will never fly Sunwing again.
March 6 2014 and March 13 2014. Winnipeg to Los Cabos Mexico return flight good cabin staff friendly and helpful although pilot a little hard to understand (WG494) and half an hour early. The flight to Cabo was different the cabin crew was almost lazy and personal conversations seemed to be a priority (WG493). We arrived early but after a rough flight due to turbulence. Elite plus is a joke sitting in row one but my carry on is in row four luggage out first in Cabo but in Winnipeg different story. Wake up Sunwing and address some of these simple issues!
Winnipeg to Montego Bay March 3 return March 10. Flight down was good with the exception of the meal. Cold egg and bacon sandwich. Why offer a warm towel before the meal? Couldn't understand the point of that. Our return departure was moved up by one hour due to time change. We were sitting in our room. They did not call us. The biggest part of this problem is the way the Sunwing rep handled the situation and told me I'd have to take a taxi to the airport. Made it to the gate just as boarding was starting. Sunwing needs to provide more time to get through the airport - seat designation as well as security takes a long time - there are a lot of people going through these vacation spot airports! Flight home was better for food - hot beef sandwich - yes I said hot - wonder how it didn't cool down while being handed out? There was one flight attendant who was unpleasant the whole trip - another passenger said she remembered her from a previous flight. So the destination was beautiful and warm but Sunwing left a bad taste. Would never choose to fly Sunwing again.
We will never fly Sunwing again! On March 4th we flew to Memories Santa Clara. We were to depart at 7.10pm but never left until 11.10pm. Given a $5.00 voucher for food. The fight was ok going down. On the day of departure the bus picked us up at 4.00. The flight WG 0341 was supposed to leave at 8.55 but didn't leave until 9.39. We had cold pizza on flight and were not given anything to drink (water) except for the initial beverage. We landed and got through the gate at 3.00am only to find out they had lost our luggage!
WG416 on Feb 20th from Ottawa. WG417 on Feb 27th from Puerta Plata. There was total confusion in the airport as to which line to go in. The Elite Plus or the regular poorly organized people didn't know where to go and the elite Plus is a joke! When we first arrived early at the airport there were no staff members at the counter we had to wait an hour for anyone to arrive. The food is the worst I have had on any airline in my 40 years of flying. The seating was tight and the hot towel service was just silly. They should have spent more time serving drinks. And having to rent pillows and blankets thanks for the lousy customer service. Will be looking at other airlines in the future.
Liberia to Toronto on February 6th. Considering that their prices are amongst the highest I purchased a promotion buy one get half off it still cost us just over $800 each. They can keep their champagne (one way only) and the awful food they serve and lower the cost. Paid more for the extra legroom I don't know how anyone could sit comfortably in the regular seats. Flew American last year with layover in Miami and would definitely consider again. Lovely updated aircraft roomy seats no meals but price was over $150 less. Only reason I booked direct was I was travelling with my 90 year old mother the layover would have been too much for her. I didn't consider Sunwing food a meal we could not eat it it was that bad hot bistro meal was a slice of pizza that tasted awful. Flight attendants were very nice check in staff were great in Toronto and Liberia. My biggest peeve is value for dollar just not there.
My wife and I spent a great deal of time and research finding a vacation to the Mayan Riviera that left Vancouver at an appropriate time to fit with our schedule. We chose a Sunwing flight with a 10am departure and a direct flight to Cancun with a 6pm return direct to Vancouver a week later. We paid extra to get Elite Plus (extra baggage weight extra legroom etc.). If you decide to pay this premium do not sit in the bulkhead seats. There is no more legroom to stretch out and your carry on will have to be stowed somewhere far behind you as there is not space in front of you. The exit rows are really good for legroom and convenience. Our flight was rescheduled with no warning to a 7am departure with a stop in Calgary on the way. So we had to leave home at 3 in the morning to catch the plane. On the return we were rescheduled to make a stop in Calgary before coming to Vancouver. These stops added 2.5 hours to our flight to Cancun and 3.5 hours to our flight home as weather and a crew change delayed departure from Calgary. Sunwing did not apologize or say anything about the rescheduling. There were about 80 passengers from Vancouver and we picked up less than 20 in Calgary. So Sunwing alienated 80% of its passengers to pick up a few folks. The planes both ways were only partially full so it is obvious that this total disregard for customers is seriously affecting their business. On a positive note the cabin crews were excellent both ways even though they too had been seriously disrupted by the schedule and routing changes. I will certainly never fly with Sunwing again.
We flew Sunwing for the first time in Feb 2014 first thing I would say is you get what you pay for booked elite premium class sat in the first row had to put my carry on 5 rows behind us due to all of the crews storage. Pop down entertainment system with free headphones with dual plugs my newer ear phones would not work because this plane was so old the movies are a joke terrible screen quality all movies were censored English/German writing on the inside of plane I thought French was our second language. Water leaking on me from overhead compartment. We could not understand the pilots due to their inability to speak English the only bright spot was they had decent food and the plane was on time everyone I talked to on the flight was not happy. If you want a cheap no frills airline that might leave on time or you don't care if you luggage arrives when you do this is the right choice for you.
2nd time with Sunwing and again delays. I will do my best never to fly with them again. We were to fly out on the 17th Feb to Cuba at 10.25 am. We were up at 4.30 arrived at airport at 6.45 am only to be told due to mechanical difficulties (same poor excuse as last year) flight delayed until 3.00 pm. At 12.30 we were back at counter to check in with all our luggage only to be told-delayed again until 10.00 pm. We had not received notification during this time nor have we yet to receive notification. They knew the day before (if not 2 days) they were behind in flight scheduling. Finally arrived at resort in Cayo Santa Maria at 4.00 am on Feb 18th. Totally exhausted I might add. Beware when flying try to avoid Sunwing at all costs.
I would not recommend Sunwing. I recently travelled with them to the Caribbean. Our flight was 17 hours delayed. We talked to others flying Sunwing during our delay that were still delayed from the day before. On our way home again we were delayed. Once we arrived to our home airport we waited on the plane for 15-20 minutes until there was a free gate open. If you travel with Sunwing you have a good chance of a delayed plane.
We were supposed to fly out of Ottawa to Orlando last Saturday the 15th Feb at 6am. We got to the AP at 3am boarded the plane around 5.30am and then were told to exit the plane because there was a delay. Needless to say we spent the entire day sitting in the airport and didn't board until 7pm that night. We missed an entire day of our vacation because of this. Will never fly SW again.
Went to Cuba Feb 11 2014 and returned Feb 18 seat 5b. I was disappointed with the meal service this year. I travel with Sunwing every year and ordered a vegan meal there and back. I was told the vegan meal was not available anymore only vegetarian. The meal I got was disgusting last year and the year before I got a delicious meal of rice with vegetables. I pay a lot of money to fly with them and I had nothing to eat there and back. I will be booking with someone else from now on.
Flight WG481 from YVR via Kelowna January 16th. Boarded the plane at 6.45 am at 7.15 am the pilot advised us that he would not be taking off and landing in Kelowna due to heavy fog. We got an update every 1/2 hr. until noon We were allowed off the plane promised vouchers for meals the person that promised this immediately disappeared! (At one point we were told that we had to go through customs again). Finally took off picked up the Kelowna passengers. Flight staff (new ones in Kelowna) were incredible. They tried to make up for the huge delay Never again will we fly Direct Non stop is the only way to go!
Jan 17 2014 - Ottawa to Varadero - travelled with spouse and child (under 10 years old). Woke up at 2.30am to do online check-in - don't waste your time it's a disaster. Departing flight delayed by 7 hours for no apparent reason. $10 vouchers given to each of us which was basically enough to cover food from Tim Horton's. Should have arrived in Varadero at 11am - but instead of having lunch on the beach I was having lunch in an airport. Finally departed at 1.15pm landing in Varadero by 6pm. By the time we arrived at the resort and were checked into our room we had lost an entire day of our vacation. Not enough food for everyone on the plane. Flight crew polite. Return flight on January 24 from Varadero left on time. Bathrooms and plane were filthy to say the least. Flight crew very nice. There was enough food on the plane for everyone this time. Entertainment was acceptable - as none of us had seen either of the movies. Kid friendly - they handed out a cute little backpack full of activities. Our son loved this. Caution: they are strict with the weight of luggage which is different for every other airline carrier - 44lbs for checked luggage 11lbs for carry on. Do not upgrade to elite if you are doing it to have a more comfortable seat - yes you get more leg room but the seats do not recline. Every little "upgrade" costs you. Next time I will pay the extra money and fly with a reputable airline.
Charter to Huatulco wasn't the best. We purchased Premier Elite. Premier was sold as having access to lounge more leg room advance check in etc. More leg room is factual. Easier check in is factual. That part is good and why I purchased. We paid $52 for 1 hour in the premium lounge using our Sunwing voucher. Its wasn't free as shared when I booked the trip. In short complete misrepresentation of the facts. Don't sell premier Service including access to lounge without informing client that there is going to be an hourly charge. If I share with the check-in staff member that I'm a Premier passenger trust my word.
We flew Sunwing on Jan 7th 338 from Saskatoon to Santa Clara Cuba. We found that Sunwing is the worst to fly with they will leave you stranded in an airport it took us a day longer to get there than it should have. I would not fly with them again.
Toronto to Liberia Costa Rica on Jan 22nd flight #724 returned on Feb 6th flight #725. Considering that their prices are amongst the highest nothing special and I purchased a promotion buy one get half off second still cost us just over $800 each. They can keep their champagne (one way only) and the awful food they serve and lower the cost. Paid more for the extra legroom I don't know how anyone could sit comfortably in the regular seats. Flew American last year with a layover in Miami and would definitely consider again. Lovely updated aircraft roomy seats no meals but price was over $150 less. Only reason I booked direct was I was travelling with my 90 year old mother the layover would have been too much for her. Flight attendants were very nice check in staff was great in Toronto and Liberia.
WG 685 from Varadero to Toronto direct on Feb 2. My fiancé and myself travelled to Cuba a week ago we will never be travelling with Sunwing again. I can not comprehend why people who book trips together and are given the same confirmation numbers for their flights are not automatically seated together. Would it not be common sense that they would probably like to sit together. We will not be definitely not be using this airline for our honeymoon We were so looking forward to our trip and to not be able to be seated together for a flight just shy of 4 hours was extremely disappointing. When you run out of sandwiches by the 8th row on the return trip it should be pretty easy to figure out that your pizza is awful. Pizza is meant to be served cooked raw dough is awful!
We experienced a 2 hour delay leaving Ottawa Canada Feb 8/14 only to find out that our reservation at the resort we booked got us bumped to a sister hotel. No Sunwing rep the next day as he was "late" arriving. Two days later we finally got to the resort we had booked with no help from Sunwing. To add to the frustration we endured a 10 hour plus delay at the Cancun airport where we slept on the floor all night and flight left at 6.30am that day. All and all I would never use Sunwing again even after a $150 credit to be used on future trips was offered.
Flight from Ottawa to Varadero delayed 6 hours Feb 6. Return flight delayed 2 hours. On top of that we never received a registered baggage during the whole week! Bistro meal is choice between a cardboard tasting pizza stuck to the cardboard box or a greasy smoke meat sandwich stuck to the aluminium wrapping The wine served is barely drinkable.
Leaving Ottawa to Orlando February 1st 2014 our flight was delayed 2 hours. When returning home to Ottawa from Orlando our flight was delayed 5 hours - not acceptable. Will never fly with Sunwing again.
When we first booked this trip it was going to Orlando. Then a few months later it was changed to going to St. Petersburg. On the way there it stopped at St.Peterburg then went on to Orlando. On the way back we had to go to St.Peterburg to get home. We chose to get off and drive to Orlando. If I knew this was going to be the trip I would have canceled. Flight delayed both ways by 1.5 to 2 hours. Free sandwich was not worth the delay.
Flight to Varadero Cuba from Winnipeg on Jan 25th 2014 delayed 7 hours due to "mechanical" issues. Prior to arriving in Wpg the plane was 5 hrs late departing Cancun 5 hours late leaving Wpg to Cancun earlier in the day and several hours late the day before flying between Wpg and Varadero. If you don't make-up flying time in the first couple of trips add another plane already! The food was minimal and only edible because I was extremely hungry. Return flight from Varadero on Feb 1/2 was delayed 2.5 hrs again apparent "mechanical" issues. Received an application to mail in for a $75 "credit" towards future Sunwing travel to be used within a year not in conjunction with other "deals". Not going to happen! Unacceptable service.
Just finally arrived back at 5am on a return flight from Santa Clara Cuba to Toronto. Flight was delayed 5 hours because the plane coming down to Cuba had "mechanical trouble". Unfortunately Sunwing has an ageing airplane fleet and no backup planes in case of breakdowns. We had the same experience when we flew Sunwing to Las Vegas last March. On a 3 day trip the flight was delayed a full day for "mechanical trouble". We flew back on another carrier and discarded our return Sunwing flight at the time. We tried them again to Cuba this year because our friends had already booked through them. Next time I will try to book anything with Sunwing.
Staff are very friendly food was terrible. During check-in in Cancun I noticed our line wasn't moving but there were lots of people getting checked in. As we approached I could see that there were 3 economy check-ins and one elite however all desks checked in the elite passengers before economy. On our return flight there was no entertainment. On the way to Cancun one of the toilets was out of service. There is little cushioning in the seats.
Our original booking was for Feb 16 to the 23 with direct flights both ways from Ottawa to Freeport Bahamas. About three weeks ago we received an email that our return flight was changed to having a layover in Cuba and changing our times as well. After reading the reviews I decided that Cuba was not a lay over I was willing to make so I rescheduled our flight to Feb 1 to Feb 8 from Ottawa to Orlando Florida. The flight down was delayed two hours due to inadequate staff and the return flight was delayed two hours due to mechanical issues. The food down was terrible the food on return flight not too bad. Staff were polite.
Left for Riviera Maya January 17th from Montreal. Flight was delayed because for some reason our plane hadn't arrived yet. We didn't receive any explanation for this. On our return trip our flight was delayed 3 hours and the excuse given was that our plane was there but the crew was not. The worse thing about that return trip was they put the delay on the board and then increased the delay by 5-10 minutes each time. That is infuriating because as clients we feel taken for fools (as well as cattle) why couldn't they just set a time and stick with it instead of incrementing by 5 minutes each time?
Only flight was delayed leaving Winnipeg January 25 to Cancun - offered no explanations only a $15 breakfast voucher for a 5 hour delay. On the way back our flight again the only one in the airport that kept getting delayed and delayed and delayed with no explanations. Scheduled to leave Cancun at 11.35 left at 1.30. Staff were extremely rude and not approachable. Couldn't even get a glass of water because she was too busy with other things. Not an enjoyable experience with Sunwing at all. I will not recommend them.
First time trip to Cuba possibly last time trip with Sunwing by the looks of it. Drove 1.5 hr to Wpg and arrived at 3.30pm. Originally scheduled for 6pm departure we found out it would be 8.15pm. Check-in was good young lady pleasant. We were given a $10 voucher ($5 each) for the purchase of anything in the airport because of the delay. We were then made aware we would now be delayed to midnight. People now arriving later (around 10.30pm) rec'd vouchers for $60! Pays to come later I guess. The flight attendants seemed tired but tried their best to make a bad situation a bit better. We finally arrived to our resort at 0830 and so our first day there was not a great one. Our flight back was delayed only 1/2 hr and went very well. The flight attendants were very good to excellent!
We flew out of Toronto on January 22nd flying to Cancun Mexico for a wedding. We had 4 different flights across Canada going to the same place. None of these were on time. We not only sat around for an hour with delays going down to Mexico but they boarded everyone on the plane just to pull us off again and make us wait for at least another 45 minutes. We were to leave at 10.30 and did not take off until closer to 1. On the way back to Canada not only did they switch gates on us but they were once again late. The crew not bothering to show up for an extra 45 minutes and then delays after that. Also once again had to sit on the plane for around an hour. The food on the way down was stale and not edible. The screen did not pop down and the audio for the movie was too much static for anyone to bother watching it. The staff were pleasant enough but nowhere near enough to make up for the horrible service we got throughout the rest of the flight.
Flew out January 9th - 23rd to Cabo. Our plane was late arriving and late departing. We spent two weeks in Cabo and spoke to many Canadians flying in from Vancouver Calgary etc. There was not one person we spoke to flying with Sunwing that was on time. We will never fly Sunwing again and would never recommend this airline. The resort and town was fantastic and I would go back to Cabo again but not via Sunwing.
We were supposed to leave Regina at 7.30 am on January 9th 2013. We were told that the plane was too heavy although it was not full and that the runway was too short. We finally left at 9.30 am. When we stopped in the Dominican we were first told we could stay on board and so could our luggage. 10 minutes later they had changed their mind and we had to deplane with our luggage and go through security again. We had a 10 hour day on our way to Cayo Coco. The return trip was also late leaving Cuba. The seats are uncomfortable the food unacceptable and the service non-existent. Cayo Coco is beautiful and I would go again. Sunwing is a terrible airline and I would never recommend flying with them to anyone. It would be faster to fly to Calgary or Winnipeg and then on to your destination with a reliable airline.
Left Saskatoon Jan 16th on time. Service not good - "box pizza" not good asked for coffee announced drinks would be served but never came around. Asked later for beer or drinks but said - do you really want one we'll be there in an hour or so. On return flight Jan 23 - same food no drinks. Asked for coffee twice then got one asked for beer but the alcohol compartment was locked up and they didn't have the key. Landed in Regina waited 2 hours because one engine had oil leaking no service at all. Got the feeling that staff don't care for their job. After reading some reviews ours wasn't as bad but I don't recommend Sunwing.
Vacation with Sunwing in Dec 9 2013 to Cancun. On the way back after 2 hour delay we were finally on board. When everybody was on board we were told we will fly to Winnipeg because the crew will be working over 15 hours if we flew to Vancouver as scheduled. The delay was over 10 hours. We didn't even have enough food and water on the plane. Contacted Sunwing customer service after about a month's time was told it was because of "technical problem" so they will not be responsible.
We flew Sunwing flight 338 on January 7th out of Saskatoon. Because of a storm we landed in Varadero. We were left hostage in the airport because Sunwing abandoned us for 9hrs then taken to a hotel at 02.30hrs and told a bus would be there at 06.00hrs and we have to be on it or we were on our own. Our plane was to leave at 08.15hrs it did not leave until 11.45hrs.
Before I went to the airport I checked my Sunwing flight online and it was supposed to be on time. All other flights were on time but flight WG622 to Cuba on January 16. Weather that day was perfect sunny and no snow for days. Sunwing did not warn people about the delay and there was no reason for the delay! It's my fifth time to Cuba by Sunwing.
Our vacation was for Jan 13-20/2014. After booking a vacation with a direct flight to Cancun I was emailed a few days later to say we were re-routed and would be stopping in Holguin Cuba. If that wasn't bad enough the day we were leaving our flight was delayed 5 hours and with the stop over in Cuba we didn't arrive in Cancun until after midnight! The night before we were leaving to go home we found out our flight had been changed again and we were being picked up 11 am and we would be stopping in Cuba again. After over 1.5 hrs in line up to check our luggage the flight still left late and with the stop over in Cuba we didn't arrive into Winnipeg until just after midnight! The Sunwing staff gave no explanations had no empathy with all the very frustrated people and basically didn't really seem to care. I would never fly Sunwing again.
We had the misfortune of choosing Sunwing for our trip to Santa Maria on January 7th. There were many delays. Some partially due to bad weather others due to mechanical difficulties. We were delayed a total of 25 hrs. The only compensation was a $5 voucher. All the rest of our expenses were totally out of pocket. We spent at least $40 for food and beverages while waiting. Staff was impossible to find and when they were available they were rude at best. We also chose the elite plus package they offered what a money grab that is. Nothing special at all. Would I use Sunwing Airlines again? Without question not. Pay the extra with another airline it will be well worth it.
Our flight going to Montego Bay Jamaica was delayed 24 hours before our flight was to leave. Our flight was to leave Saturday January 18th at 10.20am. By looking at YYZ flight delays it just stated delayed. Meaning you had to show up because passengers did not now for how long the delay would be. Upon arrival we found out that the flight was delayed until 5.30pm. There was not one person on site who could represent Sunwing. After a small crowd of us had gathered a representative did show up. We stood for over a half hour waiting on some type of decision. Some passengers were offered meal vouchers some a day pass to the Sheraton some limo rides to and from home others were offered nothing. We waited at the airport all day and then decided to go check to see if there were any new changes with the plane around 3.30 pm. There were none so we did our pre-boarding so that we could get our boarding passes. At about 4.00pm we went to check our luggage only to learn that the flight was once again delayed until 6.30 pm. More meal vouchers and wait time. By the time we got to the gate and waited to board it was 7.00pm. As we were boarding each passenger was handed a voucher for $75.00 for future travel. We did eventually arrive at 11.55pm in Montego Bay and arrived at our hotel room at 1.45am. Will never recommend or use again.
We traveled from Edmonton to Cancun January 15th-25th. Flight to Cancun was on time in fact arrived 45 mins early. Flight home was delayed 2 hours then ended up being 4 hours late. We paid and booked for Elite plus which gave us extra leg room and extra weight for luggage and thought we could also go to the VIP lounge. VIP lounge was not included for $80. Extra leg room was nice but the seat was so uncomfortable our seats did not recline. The food they served was the same as on the way there. Pizza which was barely warm or a smoked meat sandwich and a piece of marble cake. All in all we heard many complaints about Sunwing doubt very much we will use Sunwing again.
Constantly delayed no explanations and horrible service. Will never fly with this company again. Was to leave at 8.45 am on January 17 2014. System was down stood in line for an hour and a half finally boarded two hours late. When we arrived in Regina they had booked the people in seats that were already taken. On the day we were to leave January 24 2014 we went to check out and our plane was delayed 4.5 hours with no explanation. They ran out of sandwiches by the time they got to us they gave us this horrible pizza that was hard as a rock and stuck to the bottom of the cardboard. When we arrived back in Regina we finally landed at 12.00 am and sat on the tarmac for an hour and a half. We finally arrived back in Saskatoon at 2.30 am.
Went to Cancun with Sunwing January 2014. When we got to the YEG airport I have never seen a longer queue to check in. Took almost an hour to check in which is the longest it's ever taken me. I have flown many times with other airlines and never has it taken that long. Once we got to the desk the lady working was not very helpful and was rude not a good start to our vacation. Wouldn't let us have a carry on because it was too big. Same carry on we use with other airlines and it's never been a problem. The service on the plane was good and they give you a glass of champagne once you take off which I thought was nice. The food was good as well. On the way back our plane had to stop for gas so that delayed things by an hour and a half which no one was impressed by delays are understandable when flying however. I hope they come up with a faster system if I choose to fly Sunwing again.
Our trip from Toronto to Veradero Cuba 16-23 Jan 2014. We checked to see if our flight for 3.30pm was on time and it was we left Cambridge got to the park and fly and lined up to check our baggage by 1pm the attendant told us that our flight was delayed 6 hrs. There were no Sunwing reps to tell anyone the reasons why so we walked around the airport for 7hrs. We decided at 8 pm to go through customs got to the Sunwing boarding area and were told by others there that it will be another 1.5 hrs before we board. When we were to come back to Canada the flight was delayed 2 hrs nothing from Sunwing to apologize. I will from now on spend a little more money and get better service with another airline.
Flew from Regina to Puerto Vallarta on Sunwing. Supposed to leave at 10.20 am Sunday January 12th actually left 1.30 am Monday January 13th 15 hours late. No explanation given but we now know that our plane was given to the Veradero group which had been already delayed 15 hours for reasons unknown. Something to do with freezing rain which didn't affect any other airlines only Sunwing. So our vacation was messed up because of problems with another plane and we lost over half a day. We were each given a $150 voucher to be used on a future Sunwing excursion but there are conditions on it that make it worthless. If you have the chance to fly Sunwing don't do it.
Flew to Punta Cana from Montreal on January 10th. Flight was delayed approximately 9 hours. We were on the runway reading to take off plane takes off when there was a problem with the engine. We had to wait for another Sunwing plane to come in. Got to the hotel at 3am and missed out on our first evening. The return flight to Montreal on January 17th was also delayed approximately 9 hours. Thankfully we found out while we were still at the hotel so we were able to enjoy our day in the sun and enjoy a last dinner. Nevertheless we were told that the delay was caused due to engine problems again! Never again Sunwing!
One of the worst travel experiences we have ever had. We flew from Vancouver to Santa Clara January 7-21. Delays rude staff no reps to help. Seriously pay the extra money and fly with a reliable airline who actually cares about customers.
15 hour delay in Regina Airport. Flight was supposed to leave at 7.45pm delayed to 9pm then 11pm then 2 am then at 2.30 am they announce that it would be delayed until 10 am but to be at the airport at 7 am. They stated they would pay for hotel rooms and taxi. Another hour wasted waiting in line to be told what hotel and waiting for taxi service. At the hotel the manager tells the crowd that Sunwing has no account with the hotel so we waited for taxi to go back to airport it was now 4.30 in the morning so we slept in the airport. 10 am rolls along and we are told our flight is leaving on time but will have to go to Toronto instead of a direct flight to Varadero. I understand delays and weather conditions but this was over the top. Spend the extra and fly with a more reputable company.
We had a 16 hour delay! We were supposed to leave Regina at 7pm on January 11th. We were delayed again and again claimed the runway was too icy but all other planes were coming and going. They finally sent us home at 3 am. We were to return on January 12 at 8 am and we left at 11 am for Toronto if you can believe it. They claimed they needed to refuel. Finally made it to Varadero Cuba on Sunday night at 8 pm we had lost one full day and night and received nothing for it. Our resort was very nice the people were wonderful and I would go there again just not through Sunwing.
We travelled to Cuba from January 2-11 2014 on Sunwing. We have travelled before with Air Canada Vacations WestJet without any issues so were expecting similar service not so - the flights with Sunwing were a nightmare! On our way back home we were told while waiting in line to check-in that the flight was delayed by 3 hours because "of bad weather in Canada so it's not our fault". Turns out it was 2 degrees in Toronto with no snow or winter weather warnings. The issue as it turned out was a check-in system failure. They did not offer any apologies refreshments or even worse any explanation. Every person we spoke to at the resort kept telling us their flights were delayed and some people were told after they had checked out of their rooms. Then when we returned to Toronto I saw on the news that passengers had to wait 20 hours at the Varadero airport. Seriously Sunwing if one flight is delayed we may understand but when almost all your flights have problems - then the issue is most definitely you.
We went to Jamaica from Jan 2 to Jan 9th our flight down was supposed to be a champagne flight. It was not for a 6.5 hour flight our hot meal was a turkey and egg sandwich. Our flight back was delayed 12 hours so we waited at the resort for 12 hours from our check out time until they finally gave us another room so we could sleep for 5 hours before catching our flight home. It was common knowledge that the airport would be closed from midnight to 6 am. Our trip back we were served marble cake and a bag of chips with a voucher for 150$ off our next trip with Sunwing. We will not book another trip through Sunwing again.
7 of us flew Toronto to Dominican Republic Jan 12 2014. Great trip except for getting there and getting home. Delayed 3 times on a Sunday departure supposed to depart at 4.40 finally left at 10.30 pm. Finally got to the DR at 3.30 am. On the return Sunday departure delayed 3 times supposed to leave at 10pm and finally flew out at 2am. Finally arrived in Toronto at 5.30 am then a baggage delay of almost an hour finally got home at 7.15 am!
My wife and I travelled to Varadero Cuba from Jan 9th to the 16th 2014. Thursday January 9th was the tail end of the big ice freeze in Ontario so we anticipated a delayed flight to Varadero but not one as long as 5 hours. We never did find out the reason for the delay but Sunwing seems to use the excuse of 'mechanical difficulties' as their default. Had a great time in Cuba but were confronted by another delay on our return home. Once again that blasted excuse of 'mechanical difficulties' was used to try to placate the passengers and once again the delay was approximately 5.5 hours. I'm beginning to think that Sunwing overbooks passengers then delays flights to accommodate those passengers. Sunwing will not take our money for another vacation. We will use another airline from this day forward.
3.5 hrs late leaving. No paperwork no ground crew no water lots of excuses. Finally ready to go and we see the captain loading our luggage. The bridge was stuck to the plane - it only took 3 crews and another 1/2 hr to figure that one out we were 2nd class citizens on a 3rd class airline. Inflight "entertainment" was had poor sound and lousy picture. They also never cleaned the plane properly - the little former ashtrays in the seat armrests were full of garbage dirty kleenexes etc. Never again.
Paid for elite plus seats on direct return flights from Vancouver to Huatulco Mexico (Jan 7-14 2014). Eight days before departure we are moved to non-direct flights in economy seats. Lost countless holiday hours. Plane was dirty some seats double-booked. Service onboard was mediocre but nothing compared to the horror show on the way home. Elite Plus check-in had no attendant. When one finally arrived service was pitiful. Made it to front of line only to overhear my seats were double-booked. 5 hours into flight still no beverage service (ie nothing). Extremely unprofessional flight crew. Landed in Calgary two hours late to drop off passengers. New flight crew boards. Surely service would be better on this last leg of the trip. No! Rude flight attendants hid behind curtain drinking pop and eating their own dinner. Our seats were in first row so we heard and saw everything. Travellers beware and heed the reviews of past Sunwing passengers the similarities in experiences are staggering.
Flight 683 from Varadero to Toronto. Arrived at airport January 13 at 1730 for flight that was to leave at 2100 only to see our flight had been delayed. We were still sitting in the airport at 2400 with no Sunwing rep or any explanation as to what was happening. At 0200 our group had no water food washrooms and air conditioning had been turned off. Once a Sunwing rep arrived he tried to tell us that the Canadian end did not let them know in Cuba what was happening. He was trying to get buses organized to take us back to a hotel. At 0630 we boarded buses to go back to a hotel to freshen up and have breakfast. When we arrived they herded us into a large room and one person sat in the hotel passing us our room keys. At 0830 we finally were in our rooms. At 1200 we were bussed back to the airport for a flight at 1600. This flight was also late in taking off. Flight crew were rude. No Sunwing rep there to greet us upon return or offer us any compensation. Connections were missed.
This is the worst vacation travel we have ever experienced. We paid extra for pre boarding and seat choice flying from Thunder Bay to Varadero. The departure was OK. The return flight was not. There were no Sunwing representatives at the airport. The flight was delayed several hours. No one to tell us what was going on. When representatives finally showed up they directed passengers to the wrong gate. It was a stampede to the gate area no regard for the pre-boarding we had paid for. Flight attendants were rude. We will never take a Sunwing vacation again no matter how low the price.
Flew Sunwing flight 363 from Cayo Santa Maria to Ottawa. We were left stranded in the Hotel Lobby on our departure day January 6th up until 11pm. They then put us up for the night. Checked out the next day only to be left there again until 10pm where they decided to ship us off to the airport with no scheduled flight just to get rid of us at the hotel. They kept us waiting at the counters for 2 hours before they opened for Ottawa. I had paid for Elite plus with pre selected seats and had to wait another hour in line and fight to get my seats. Once across they told us to line up at the gate only to be told by the pilot that we was over his flight time therefore would be back in 12 hours. We remained trapped in the Cuban airport with no food! They finally served us a disgusting sandwich which we had to line up for after they served the Toronto people who had just arrived to the airport! We had been waiting there since the night before! They served the same thing on the flight back. It was supposed to be a champagne flight! We got the same sandwich a glass of water and a cuban juice box. The pilot's first words on the plane were: Anyone that causes problems during this flight will be dropped off at the next airport!
Sunwwing Holiday of Horrors! While I waited 28 hours (Jan 7-82014) mostly at the airport in Ottawa horror stories began to be exchanged. No representation anywhere to be found no information given to any passengers for these outrageous delays and complete absence of service.
The first and last time on Sunwing. I checked the flight departure time before leaving for the airport at 3.30 am. It showed that flight was on time but when I arrived at the airport the flight information screen showed that our flight was 3.5 hours delayed from 6 am to 9.30 am. We went to the check in counter and the staff had no idea that our flight was delayed. Airport staff were so unprofessional and unfriendly. The reason for the flight was that cabin crew needed more rest. At 8.30 they made another announcement to inform us that that flight was delayed again to 10.30 am but retracted the delay half an hour later and put it back to 9.30 am. Flight attendants looked very tired and were unfriendly. Our return flight was even worse. We boarded the plane on time but as soon as we reached the runway pilot announced that they had to bring the aircraft back to the terminal because there was an engine problem. They didn't let us off the plane and brought mechanics to fix the problem which took over 2 hours. Never flying Sunwing airlines again.
Travelled to Riviera Nayarit from Dec 29-Jan 5. Departure flight delayed 2.5 hrs but the update online is too late was already stuck at the airport. For return flight I checked with Sunwing reps at hotel many times of the morning we suppose to leave still said on time until noon that day however when we get to airport at 1pm we learnt that flight was delayed 2.5 hrs. The airline must have know that the incoming flight was delayed at the other end. After waiting 5 hrs at the assigned gate 17 suddenly sign on the screen is gone no announcement nothing communicated until one of passenger asked the rep at the gate she learnt that the gate was changed to 14 instead of 17. Another hour passed by still no update no info and suddenly we see all the run around from the flight crew to pilot to the reps and flight is cancelled. Now we have to wait another hour to take luggage back out another 2 hrs to check in at a dirty hotel for the night. The next afternoon we had to line up to check luggage back in re-issue another boarding pass and the system doesn't know that our flight has been cancelled so none of us can get any pass another 2 hrs in line for nothing until they have to write boarding pass by hand! Beware of Sunwing!
Flew to Cayo Santa Marie from Sudbury for New Years Eve December 2013 via Ottawa. Return trip was an absolute nightmare. Flight 363 returning on January 6th to Sudbury was delayed 48 hours. No representation from Sunwing at resort and they completely forgot about us in Cuba. Finally when getting through security at the airport crew had to rest for an additional 12 hours. No food on board. Lack of communication was unbearable. Came back 2 days late. Will never fly Sunwing again.
Flight WG514 on Jan 8 2014. Delayed 8 hours then we were stuck on the plane for 3 hours prior to take off. Airline attendants would not help anyone. They were very unprofessional. Then when we landed we were stuck on the plane for another hour. They wouldn't let anyone use the bathroom while were stuck sitting there. No one at the luggage area to tell people what was going on. Didn't give out forms in line so prolonged the line as people were standing at the desk filling out form instead of doing it ahead of time. Then our luggage didn't arrive. When we finally got a hold of someone they said we would get our luggage on Sat or Sunday but it never came.
Bought a vacation package with direct flights from Edmonton to Los Cabos Mexico. Flight down was fine however flight back was a nightmare. When we arrived at the airport the flight was delayed and the Premium Package we paid for was really nothing different then Economy service. They nailed us on luggage overcharge and even carryon bag with total charge of $ 280. They said it had to be paid in cash stating their debit/credit card machine was down I said I wanted to upgrade to Elite Package as I was only slightly over in the luggage weight and they said they needed 24 hour notice of the upgrade. Since I couldn't pay using a credit card and there wasn't a debit machine around they told me and my wife to give them all my available cash which was $200 and they put through our luggage. Once we boarded the plane which was late one female flight attendant was rude and unprofessional. We wanted to purchase items from the inflight duty free catalogue however they did not have the items they were advertising. The plane was dirty from the previous flight and the leather seats had old food stuck to the seats. My wife and I will never fly with Sunwing Airlines again as it was the worst flight experience for us and we travel extensively.
Bought a vacation package with direct flights from Ottawa to Cancun. Flight was leaving Ottawa at 6am to arrive at Cancun at 9.30am and leaving Cancun at 8pm to arrive in Ottawa at 1am. Both flights were changed several times to end up as a totally different package. Outbound flight ended up leaving Ottawa at 9am with a stop in Kitchener to arrive in Cancun at 2pm. The return flight ended up leaving Cancun at 3pm with a stop in Kitchener to arrive in Ottawa at 9.30pm. As for delays the outbound flight was delayed 3 hours for no apparent reason and we arrived in Cancun at 5pm (instead of 2pm). Return flight was delayed 29 hours to arrive in Ottawa at 3.30am 2 days later than expected. The various Sunwing reps. were unable to keep us informed as they did not know what was going on we were informing them by checking airport departures changes every hour or so! People from Kitchener indicated that Sunwing adds a stop to Kitchener every year after enough seats are sold from Ottawa. For the outbound flight # 579 on Dec 23 the 4 crew members were extremely rude with everybody food was literally thrown on peoples table without any drinks or towels. For the return flight # 580 on Jan. 7 (but scheduled on Jan. 6) the 4 crew members were very friendly. These Sunwing flights did not serve meals: they gave a cold sandwich and thats it with 1 drink about 1 hour before you get your sandwich. Avoid Rows 14 and 15 (Elite +) as these seats do not recline because of the emergency exits.
Definitely the last time travelling with Sunwing. Initially booked trip had us leaving on Dec 28 at 1945 hrs. Woke up that day to several notifications that flight had changed to 2300/2100/2200 and finally 2300. The kicker was receiving the text at noon that our flight was on schedule at 2300 hrs. Arrived at airport to be told weather was the reason for delay. Flight changed from 2300 to 2345. Finally left at 0110 hrs. Flight staff cheerfully turned lights on and made constant announcements while everyone was trying to sleep. Got to our resort at 0900 hrs. On last day we were advised check out at 1400 for our flight at 0235. Arrived at the airport at midnight to be told that our flight was delayed until 0510 hrs. Plane finally arrived at 0500 lined up and told flight cancelled due to mechanical difficulties until further notice. Finally on the plane at 0615 for a very uncomfortable flight. Staff were rude and unaccommodating. I was not impressed with the lukewarm glass of cheap champagne nor the food. We had trouble with them four years ago and now.
Flew Sunwing out of Calgary to Cuba on Dec 24/2013. Arrived at airport 5am for 7am flight to be told that the flight was delayed 2 hours due to "crew rest". Get on plane at 9am only to have to evacuate due to mechanical failure. Plane had to be hauled away for inspection hauled away with our luggage on board. Each hour that passed no updates. Finally told that they had to get a new plane. More time passes with no announcements. Finally hear after several hours that they are getting a plane in Saskatoon out of the hangar they will get the Saskatoon passengers and bring them to Calgary so we can all just fly out of Calgary to Cuba. Plane finally arrives but sits at gate nobody getting off. Advised of crew change. More hours pass. Advised that there is a "catering issue beyond our control". More time passes. Finally get on the plane Saskatoon passengers have been suck on the plane for 2 hours without any service only warm water not allowed to deplane. Get on plane advised no audio/visual sorry (terrific for the 5.5 hour flight ahead). Lunch consisted of a bad slice of re-heated pizza in tin foil. We had upgraded to Elite Plus. Seats did not recline and the "champagne service" consisted of a tiny sample cup glass of bad champagne. All in we were 12 hours in Calgary airport. During this ridiculous delay Sunwing handed out $5.00 lunch vouchers which doesn't even buy you barely a coffee. Once on the plane they handed out $75.00 vouchers for your next Sunwing flight. Nobody was bothering taking these vouchers. We were scheduled to arrive into Cuba Dec 24 at 4:30 p.m. instead after the 12 hour delay and a 90 minute bus ride we ended up arriving to the resort at 3am! Ridiculous and horrible service and airline. Never again.
Vancouver to Varadero. Flight supposed to leave at 6.30 pm. Upon arrival at airport found out there was a planned 4 hr delay. They gave out $5 vouchers. Finally go to departure gate and it was announced that there was another 4 hour delay. Flight took off 7.5 hours late departing at 1 am. Return trip was worse. Resort kicked us out of rooms at 12 noon even though flight didn't leave until 4 am. Bus picks us up at 1 am arrive at airport approx. 2.30 am find that flight delayed approx. 1.5 hrs now supposed to be there at 6 am. At approx. 5 am we are told that the incoming flight has landed in Havana instead of Veradero due to fog. At 11 am flight finally arrives. Then find out that Pearson is closed due to bad weather. Missed another whole night of sleep arrived back at home absolutely exhausted and stressed out.
Never take Sunwing unless you don't mind your flight being constantly delayed (both ways). We left for Vegas on 29th flight got delayed for more than an hour. On our return trip our flight was once again delayed an hour. As I type this we are once again waiting for our luggage to load onto the conveyor belt. It's been an hour already with no explanation as to why our luggage is being held back! Our arrival time should be 4.10 but it is now 6.30pm and we are still waiting for luggage. Customer service on Sunwing is very poor. We encountered very rude check-in staff and rude careless flight attendants.
Will never book with Sunwing again due to horrendous track record. Waiting for flight back to YVR from Cabos right now which is 5 hours delayed. The flight there was delayed by 5 hours as well. How's that for consistently bad execution? No weather or other understandable reason for these delays is known.
Jan 6th. Left our Condo at 8am for our 10.30 flight to Toronto after confirming online that the flight was on time. On arrival at St Petersburg airport the monitor showed on time so returned our rental car. When we got to the desk we were told the flight had not left Toronto yet and the new flight time would be at 1pm. There was no explanation as to why the website nor the airport monitors were not updated no explanation of why we were not alerted by email. We rented another car for a few hours and are now back at our condo. It is just poor customer service not to keep people informed and have them sitting in an airport for 5 hours. Delays are inevitable especially with the weather conditions in Toronto. A flight delay is one thing but Sunwings very poor communication is another.
My first and last time with Sunwings. The delays are terrible. The flight from Toronto to Vancouver on Dec 20th 2013 delayed almost 3 hours. My return flight on Jan 4 2014 most likely will be another 3 hours late.
Paid for Elite Plus did not get checked-in or boarded any sooner than regular economy. I questioned the employees in both Hamilton and Cuba and no one cared just walked away. Service was terrible on the way there. For some reason the staff did not know what was being served there was a lot of confusion as one staff walked up and down the aisles for about half hour but didn't distribute them and no one advised of any delays so we sat there frustrated and hungry. In Cuba when I tried boarding I was yelled at in front of everyone by a staff member because he said I was supposed to board first and I said I didn't hear anything as it was utter chaos once we got through customs there was no organization direction or signs and it was very loud. He then started arguing with me and I had to ask him to give me my boarding pass back to get onto the plane.
Our family vacations a lot and I used to travel significantly during 30 years in business. I have never had Flight from Saskatoon to Punta Cana was delayed 5 hours. On the return flight the departure from Punta Cana was delayed 2 hours. On the scheduled stop over in Cayo Coco there was a mechanical problem after sitting on the runway for 2 hours we were deplaned and told that the plane needed to return to Toronto. The entire plane load of people was abandoned in Cayo Coca with no information provided on what was going on. After two hours of waiting in the airport we were informed that a new plane was being sent from Toronto and the flight we would rescheduled to 10.30 the following morning. They did transport us to and paid for accommodation at a local hotel for the night. The next morning everyone was at the airport ready to go at 9.00 only to be told the flight was delayed until noon. Flight finally took off at 1.00. To top it all off we had to wait an hour for our bags to be unloaded back in Saskatoon. I have been on hundreds of flights and 20 years of winter vacations and this is by far the worst airline experience I have ever had.
Our family vacations a lot and I used to travel significantly during 30 years in business. I have never had flights delayed anywhere near 12 hours while on business and yet with Sunwing it's happened twice first to Puerto Vallarta and then on December 21 to Punta Cana. We had booked a 6.30am departure which eventually left around 9.00pm. We were given a $15 food voucher and $75 travel voucher (for the Puerto Vallarta trip the travel voucher was $150). It was particularly exasperating that we were not informed of reasons why this happened. There are multiple strategies airlines may employ in order to maximize yield and passenger revenue miles. One of these is overbooking. With this strategy passengers were asked to voluntarily deplane and those not wishing to do so were not inconvenienced. To my surprise there was always a rush to receive the two free tickets to anywhere the airline flew. It appears the Sunwing strategy is to wait until all seats are filled and while this is good for Sunwing shareholders in the short term it is not good for the long term for Sunwing or its hotel partner. I would love to have another carrier but they have a lock on our favourite destinations and resort hosts. I'm not looking forward to our January 31 flight to the Mayan Riviera already booked.
Ottawa to Cancun Dec 21. The flight was late both ways by 3 hours. 5 kg carry-on rule the carry-on alone weighs 4 kg. Worst sandwich I have ever had. The plane was filled with families for Christmas and they played a very violent movie. Paid 160 dollars for so called elite seats that could not even recline. A 4 hour flight and we got one warm coke serving to drink had to ask for ice that she was hiding in her cart. Never again.
My daughter flew with Sunwing return  Vancouver to Toronto. Flights were delayed in both directions so they would leave after midnight. I have been advised this is done intentionally to pay lower airport departure fees. We flew with Sunwing a number of years ago and they were doing the same thing.
We booked a trip to Mexico from Edmonton and it started ok delayed at the airport 2 hrs but I can live with that. On the return flight we were asked to check with are rep before heading to the airport so we wouldn't waste any time so we did and everything was good to go so they said. We arrived at the airport 3 hrs early then were told there was a delay. It was supposed to leave at 4.45 then 9.45 then 3.00. Finally at 3.45 we were on the runway after spending 13 hrs in a Mexican airport where everything closed at 11pm.
22nd Dec. Huge Ice storm delaying operations out of Toronto Pearson airport. Any other airline had delay information posted on the screen and vouchers for passengers to purchase food inside the terminal. Sunwing had nothing the agents knew nothing. Flying on 513 to Cancun. We find out after 2 hours of sitting on the aircraft that we had been offloaded and our suitcase was not onboard. I inquired to the agent about my luggage if they could load it on since we had 2 more hrs to wait they said yes and I was reassured that it had been placed back on. Passengers had been waiting for more than 4hrs with not one drinks service. I had to tell the crew to turn the lights from bright to low. Since it was a new 737-800 the CSM had no clue how to operate the system. Sandwiches shouldn't of been served after such a long delay. They were soggy cold and the paper was stuck to them. Arrive at destination no luggage. Return flight same thing delay 2hrs no APU closed door stuffy cabin with a more pro- active crew that instantly did a water service. I would rather pay the 100$ more to fly any other airline. Landed in Toronto to be parked at a bridge that did not work.
Went to Punta Cana recently with Sunwing. We sat on the plane while it took forever for it to finally start moving and take off. Got to our resort and it was terrible. Sunwing reps didn't seem to know much about anything. Flight attendants were extremely rude the worst I have come across. Inflight entertainment consisted of a low budget movie which nobody had ever heard of. Flight was delayed on the way out of Punta Cana however the airline never let anyone know and everyone was panicked and scrambling to find out what was going on. When it was finally time to board they didn't even announce it. Could have easily missed our flight if we weren't paying extra attention.
We booked a trip to Cancun on Sunwing. The flight down to Cancun was delayed almost an hour - nobody was informed until 30 minutes past our scheduled departure time. The inflight TVs didn't work at all the flight attendants made every request seem like the most difficult task and worst of all after travelling all night we arrived at the resort at 5am only to find that nobody had reservations at the resort until the following day. On return it was the same delay scenario. One hour late with no mention of it no apology nothing. Like it never happened. Also ensure your bags are underweight or you will get charged for as little as 0.5kg over weight. They weigh every article you have including my small inflatable pillow. I would never fly Sunwing again. In my opinion it is worth whatever it costs to maximize the precious minutes of your already short vacation. Sunwing wasted many minutes of our trip and caused more stress than they should. They do feed you for free and the food is actually not all that bad. Otherwise I have nothing good to say.
Booked from Ottawa to MBJ direct 29 Nov - 6 Dec 06.00 depart and 11.30 Return. Well this was all changed 2 days before changed to 09.00 with a stop in Varadero and return 14.30 with stop again in Varadero then delayed to 15.00. I flown with them the last 2 years with no problems so I was surprised by this. We book early flights to have that extra day in the sun. Anyway terrible service both ways will not book with them again.
I would not recommend flying with Sunwing. I would suggest spending the extra $100 and fly with another airline. The flight from Edmonton to Huatulco was initially direct. They changed it one week prior to detour to Winnipeg. There was a mechanical problem another detoured to Calgary for a "quick" plane change 2 hours later. Then the Winnipeg for a "quick" pick up 2 hours later. We didn't even leave Canadian airspace by the time the original arrival in Mexico at 5 pm. I can appreciate there maybe mechanical issues or a change in itinerary for financial reasons but it's how Sunwing didn't handle these situations. There was plenty of apologies but not other compensation like upgrade in food being served free cocktails and snack. The hotel and hotel staff were fantastic it's the airline where the problems lie.
Sunwing has really raised the bar for airline service incompetence. Our most recent trip from Sudbury to Santa Clara Cuba was a testament to their inadequacy. We have flown Sunwing 8 times. I can understand weather delays so the flight being behind schedule wasn't a major deal. Forgetting to have the proper forms to fill out to enter Cuba on board that was a problem! The flight was already 2 hours late but upon landing in Cuba we had to sit for another 30 minutes while we waited for and filled out the visas to enter the country. Food: We had a choice of a questionable sandwich or a piece of cardboard pawned off as pizza. They used to offer a tray meal that was far better than this recent garbage. Departure from the terminal in Santa Clara was a catastrophe waiting to happen. Instead of an orderly boarding it was announced that the flight was ready to board. It was a free for all. The departure door was bombarded with people jostling for position. Our flight home required a trip through Customs in Ottawa and a re-boarding on the same plane to complete the journey to Sudbury. Approximately 40 people were heading for that final destination. After passing through Customs we were required to re-check our luggage and get new boarding passes. So forty people boarding and an intelligent guess would place the luggage total at about forty bags. Why then did only 20 of those bags get put back on the plane? That brings us to our arrival in Sudbury. After the connecting flight with the offer of a glass of water we were greeted with no luggage! We were prepared to drive to our home town in the morning but the Sunwing rep assured us that our luggage would be shipped on the first flight out of Ottawa the next morning. We decided to wait for the luggage in Sudbury. Our luggage didn't arrive until 2.30pm the next day! We will avoid Sunwing in the future.
Paid extra for premium seats on my honeymoon. Flight was delayed four hours due to mechanical problem. On my return flight from Cuba was separated from my wife and bumped to a regular seat. When I inquired I was told airline staff gets the premium seats. At least 8 staff members were flying to Toronto. Was offered no compensation and was told to use another airline in the future.
Nov 26th flight 609 to Cayo Coco Cuba. We booked and paid for a direct flight to Cuba only to be notified later that the flight had changed and we would be going to Dominican Rep first. At Ottawa airport we could not get our boarding passes from the kiosk and had to line up at which time we were told they were overbooked by 6. This was not true as they had decided to fly a crew of 6 to Cuba and simply bumped the last 6 to board sending them to Montreal to fly to Cuba. Our flight was delayed in Ottawa 1.5hrs then 1 hour in Dominican and 2 more hours to get to Cuba. The food was horrible and wine was in a box. I purchased a bottle of Bailey's at $24 and paid $25 cash only to be told they did not have any change. Delays again on the way back and bad food. We will never fly Sunwing again.
Travelled on WG608 to Cayo Coco via Punta Cana - total 7.5 hr flight along with a 1.5 hour delayed departure from Ottawa. Computer problems. Luggage was loaded in wrong order then reloaded. Plane towed from one gate to another due to delays. Champagne offered 1.5 hrs into flight. Followed by no coffee or tea for entire 7.5 hrs. Sandwich offered - no napkin - around mid day and nothing for 4 hours of flight - we were on ground in Punta Cana for around 1 hour then 2 hours flight back north to Cayo Coco. Travelled WG609 to Ottawa from Cayo Coco. Flight delayed by 2 hours then 3 hours - in airport departure lounge for 6 hours - junk food only available - my Elite Plus seat was booked on check in at Cayo Coco airport then as walking out gate Cuban official changed it to a regular seat. My seat had been sold to someone else. No notification prior. Complained to flight crew. Issue resolved on plane and passengers not happy one had the nerve to challenge my right to the seat I had purchased months before over the rights of someone who had bought an upgrade that very day. Food was dreadful. Frozen pizza reheated or sandwich. Ate pizza - had complementary wine. Will never fly Sunwing again. Quality of service has changed significantly from 3 years ago.
Booked a direct flight from Ottawa leaving for Cuba 9am. We left Ottawa at 11am flew to Punta Cana and then to Cuba a 3hr 45 min flight took over 7 hrs. Coming back were to leave Cuba at 5.10pm and arrive around 9pm. We finally left at 8.30pm and arrived home at 12am. Reason: well of course Sunwing first went to the Dominican Republic took on passengers and then made them get off the plane in Cuba then re-board the same plane. They then kindly let us board the plane and made us change seats 3 times because of course they had already double booked our seats. This flight was filled with tired frustrated and very angry travellers. I travel to Cuba and the Dominican Republic several times every winter and this is my third bad experience with Sunwing and my last. I lost almost 2 days vacation and came back frustrated and angry.
Booked a trip to Varadero with Sunwing first week of April 2013. Direct flight from Halifax to Varadero but my luggage was sent to Toronto only passenger on flight to have this happen! Worked with Sunwing rep at Varadero resort to find luggage but soon found out that they were more interested in tour bookings than finding my luggage. As a result my luggage was gone for 6 days of my vacation and it had returned to the Varadero airport 4 days later. This company has no credibility and I would advise for all to avoid. Sure if you are the 90% who have no problems as you should this airline is great; but have problems and they will put the responsibility on you to resolve.
10 days before our trip departure they change both the departure time and the return time. The return non stop turned into a stopover and an additional 4hrs to the flight time. An 8.5 hr flight time for a 4.5hr flight. I would not have booked the trip with such a terrible return flight and of course I was not able to cancel and get a refund. There were no apologies or any answers to my emails. This is the second time I have used Sunwing and they have changed departures 3 times out of 4. I am not retired with lots of time to make changes. I will drive to Buffalo and use an airline from there if the carriers in Toronto can not accommodate me. I will never use Sunwing again.
Booked package to Veradero based on direct flight. One month after paying for flight we were notified the departure flight had moved up forcing us all to take an extra day holiday. They also rerouted us to Montego Bay 1st. We flew over Veradero for an extra three hours sitting in a cramped plane with many children. They gave us no option to cancel or expect compensation. The day before we left we were notified the seats we had prepaid to book were not being honoured and again we had no compensation. We then were notified that our return flight was also being moved up so that we could once again fly to Jamaica adding three hours to our flight. Once off the lane it took 45 minutes to deliver our luggage in the airport and the airport says it is the airline's responsibility to make their 20 minute advertised limit. Do not fly Sunwing! They cost us two days of our holiday.
We usually fly Sunwing to the Caribbean but after this trip we shall be looking for another airline for our holidays. The flight crews were good my main complaint is with the airline flight operations and reservations. We were told after we had booked our flight down to Cuba (Nov 22 from YOW) that it will be a would be a combined flight (MBJ and VRA) and that on the return trip to Canada the plane would be stopping in MBJ before picking us up at VRA. A couple of days before the flight the return leg was changed and that it would be VRA THEN MBJ giving us 2 seven hour flights. When the flights were combined we called the airline and got nothing but the usual run around and hiding behind their rules even when it was supposedly escalated 4 levels. But the topper was that on the return flight the MBJ passengers had to deplane and become transit passengers and VRA doesn't have a transit lounge. The MBJ were left to their own devices in the terminal causing the MBJ leg of the trip to be delayed by 30 minutes. On the flight down to MBJ from YOW we were delayed at the gate for paperwork which seemed to be a running thing with this particular captain. At MBJ they had to off load some of the VRA luggage to move it to another cargo hold. The captain said it was for weight and balance but a B737 isn't a Cessna 174. Lastly this is one of the TUI Travel PLC's Euro fleet and the in flight entertainment system didn't work properly. ON the YOW to MBJ portion a large number of the screens didn't drop down until the flight attendant crew trainer from the Euro division rebooted the entire system but then we were on the MBJ to VRA leg. Same thing again on the return to Canada.
August 16 2013. Supposed to travel to Punta Cana that day from Cincinnati. We were told there was a slight delay and we would depart an hour later. That hour turned into a 20 hour delay reason being said because someone on the returning flight got very sick and the solution (IV bag) was used on that person and they could not fly us back out until the solution was replaced. They had no other plane to put us on and we would fly out the next morning. Yes they gave us a voucher to use at the airport but by that time everyone had already eaten and also the airport stores were closed. They gave us free hotel rooms near the airport and a shuttle service. Needless to say we arrived in Punta Cana a day later and they did reimburse us for a small amount of the daily room charge.
On return flight from Toronto to Vancouver both legs were 3 hours late due to 'the aircraft from the Caribbean flight being late'. Myself and other passengers inquired about the 'Champagne flight' as advertised but was told by the attendant that it only on the international flights that champagne is served. Well many of us were mistaken about that. I will not travel Sunwing again and I told them so but I don't think they care enough to respond.
We just came back from a 7 day (Nov 13-20 2013) All Inclusive Trip to Cancun through Sunwing Vacations. Our flight out of Calgary was delayed 3 hours we had been told it was because the captain had called in ill and Sunwing had to fly a new pilot in from Vancouver. The agents at the check in apologized and offered a $5/person voucher - enough to buy a coffee! On our flight back home same issue the flight back was delayed almost 2 hours because again the crew was late. This time we had to ask the Sunwing agents for a voucher but they said sorry this is Mexico we do not offer vouchers. On top of everything else the seats were most uncomfortable mine didn't even recline back and there was no way to change seats because the plane was full. There was hardly any room between seats and most folks end up knocking their knees against the seat in front of them. Sunwing weigh your carry-on bag at check in. If you would like to take advantage of their pre-flight seat assignment (Online) then be prepared to pay $15/person per flight - an additional $60 for the vacation. When checking in at Calgary airport we were the very first people in line at the counter their agent assigned us seats in the row behind our friends. Once we got to the gate an agent paged us to the counter and informed us that our seats had been sold (I assume online) and should not have been assigned to us. I asked how could this happen as “their system” must have created the error. He didn't have an answer apologized and sent us into the bowels of the airplane. We will not fly with Sunwing again.
We flew from Toronto to Montego Bay. Even though our flight was booked only 2 weeks in advance we had three flight changes before departure. First our flight to MoBay was re-routed through Montreal extending our trip to over 7 hours and effectively taking away a vacation day. Second we were supposed to fly back at 9.40pm but our return flight was moved to earlier in the day. Third change came moving our flight to 11.20am with a different flight number effectively cutting another day of our vacation. The trip we originally booked was more expensive but we were supposed to get almost a day and a half more. When I asked for their supposed "price match guarrantee" I was told that the trip I have after the changes is not being sold so I'm not entitled to the "price match". But that trip was not what I booked in a first place.
Travelled from Toronto to Montego Bay return. We were pleased that our flight departed on-time in both directions but that was the only good part of this airline experience. The plane was very old cramped and filthy. The seats couldn't have been more narrow and there was no leg room at all. If the person in front reclined their seat it was about 10 inches from your face. Don't get fooled by the $40 upgrade option. We paid this to get more leg room to sit in an exit row but our seats didn't recline. This airline boasts that they provide champagne service and food at no extra charge. However the champagne was served in a pill-cup and the microwaved food was barely edible. I hope we never have to travel on this airline again.
We took a family vacation to Varadero Oct 22-29th. Paid for in July. 3 generations should be simple right? 8 adults 4 children. The youngest grandchild was not yet 2 years old but was charged for a seat. She didn't get a seat either direction. So her parents had her on their lap for a 7 hour flight. We have not got a refund a month later. Seriously thinking Sunwing will not be our choice next time going to try WestJet.
Was a frequent Sunwing passenger until recently. Booked a flight from Toronto to Punta Cana. An additional stop over in Puerta Plata was added. We were required to deplane while the plane was cleaned. Passengers boarded and after 11/2 hours boarded the plane for the trip to Punta Cana. On the return flight the flight crew failed to give a drinks service coffee and tea was not served and the staff were very rude and inattentive to the passengers. Sunwing was once a great airline but unfortunately things change sometimes for the worse. My wife and I will no longer book a Sunwing flight. Sad but true.
Delayed for almost 8 hours in Las Vegas to Toronto. Apparently our plane was sent to Edmonton. Disappointment is lack of communication from any Sunwing representative. Waiting to check in we heard the delay from fellow passengers who had checked in. With significant delay would have been nice to have rep update us.
Do not fly with Sunwing! We arrived at 3 am to check in for our flight at which time they told us we were delayed by 6 hours forcing us to kill time in the airport on no sleep. There should be notification of such changes this is unacceptable. We finally boarded a filthy plane and thus missed an entire day at our resort. Awful experience.
We had an early morning flight (6.15) and were delayed due to an inflight computer problem. There were no coffee or tea served on the flight because the equipment was not working. The ground staff do not enforce their carry-on baggage rules which mean some people are going on with numerous pieces of luggage or luggage way larger that the specified sizes. If you follow the boarding procedures and are the last group to be called your chances of being able to put your carry-on in the overhead bins are very slight because of amount of carry-on luggage other people have put there. The seats are very tight with minimal legroom so when you have to stow you carry-on under the seat in front of you it just adds to the discomfort. The return flight was equally as bad for most of the same problems.
September 20 Vancouver to Puerto Vallarta flight 527. September 27 Puerto Vallarta to Vancouver flight 526. I will never fly Sunwing again. Seats are ridiculous with no leg room at all. The flight attendants were rude. Trip was 5 hours and by the time we got off we could hardly move because of being so cramped in those lousy seats.
We went from Toronto to Dominican in April for my 30th birthday booking about 3 months in advance and also paying $40 a person to pick our seats so the 4 of us would be sitting together. The day before our flight when we got to check in we notice that now it says Toronto to Montego Bay Jamaica and that our travel time went from 4 hours to 7. We called the airline they said that we have to stop first in Jamaica now drop people off wait while people board and then fly to Dominican! We get to the airport and we are all seated apart with me being by myself away from my friends. While at the airport we talked to several other people just as annoyed about going to Jamaica first and that this is common with Sunwing. We flew to Jamaica had to wait about an hour and 45 minutes on the plane then wait for people to board and finally fly to Dominican. Going home it was the same thing except the people coming back from Jamaica got on first and were the ones that had to stop in Dominican to wait for us. I've been to lots of all inclusive trips before and I have never had something like this happen. Would never ever fly them again. The planes are old no in seat entertainment everyone has to watch the same thing on these TV's hanging from the ceiling.
I understand that I'm not flying first class but Sunwing's planes are disgusting. The plane was dirty both going to and coming back from Cancun. The seats are very uncomfortable. In general it was not a pleasant flying experience and I will never fly with them again.
My flight to Cancun was delayed 6 hours! You can imagine this is huge when you are only going on vacation for 1 week. We were supposed to arrive in Cancun at noon and have a full day of sunlight. Instead we arrived after dark and wasted a whole day. We were initially told that the delay was 4 hours and then kept changing it. We didn't know when to head to the airport - it was a nightmare. All Sunwing gave us was a breakfast voucher at 11am. Obviously a $10 voucher does not make up for a full day of all inclusive in Cancun.
Flight from Las Vegas to Toronto Sep 12 2013. Upon arrival told that flight was delayed by 2 hours and given a $5.00 voucher to placate. Upon my own inspection of airport departure/arrival monitor saw that the incoming Sunwing flight from Toronto was not scheduled to arrive until 12.15 which would actually be over a 3 hour delay. Sure enough our plane did not arrive until 12.15 and then after cleaning refuelling etc. we did not board until 12.45 which was almost a 4 hour delay from our original departure time of 9.00am. No explanation given by Sunwing. Intentionally deceived us of real departure time. Upon arrival in Toronto Sunwing did not post the carrousel for our luggage. Took another 10 minute wait in line up for Sunwing Baggage questions to find out the carrousel number. This employee was very irritable. The best part of this flight was the movie!
Traveled from Victoria to Cabo during holiday season company decided to dump us in Vancouver instead of Victoria so they could get back on schedule. Didn't care that they cost the passengers a whole day trying to get back home will never fly with them again.
We travelled August 2013 and the only reason we flew Sunwing was that it was the only choice for the dates we needed. Cabin crew meals cleanliness were all sub standard. Plane was filthy and cramped. Paid for extra leg room seat at emergency aisle and they don't tell you the seats don't recline. Poor. Delayed both going and coming totalling over 6 hours again with no explanation. Crew were uncooperative.
We flew the champagne flight to Cuba. This meant we got the emergency seats as upgrade seats and a bit of lukewarm sparkling wine in a plastic cup. We were told our upgrade also included meal selection. So did everybody. My husbands entertainment center control (music and movie) was removed. The emergency exit seats were sold at a higher price and mostly to obese persons. This meant that the man that sat next to me was also sitting half way in my seat. The gentlemen in front of me also in an emergency exit seat had problems walking and boarding due to size. He would have been a hindrance during an emergency exit. Never Sunwing again so many better airlines.
I will never fly this airline again. They delayed us 1.5 hrs on the way to Punta Cana without any explanation and then 3 hours on the way back. Flight attendants had no customer skills and it seemed as if they did not want to be there. Yes this airline might be cheap but I will pay $50 more and fly with other airlines. It seems as the other airlines appreciate my business more.
Departed Toronto for Punta Cana July 19. Flight an hour late departing. Inflight service and food were ok certainly better than flying AC. Resort was pleasant. Transport to airport scheduled to arrive at 7.30am for an 11.30am departure July 29th. Transport had not shown up by 8am. Told flight was delayed until 9.30pm airport shuttle to pick us at at 5.30pm. Of course our connection to Vancouver was lost. At 5 pm told flight delayed another 2 hours shuttle to pick us up at 7.30pm. At the airport had to stand around waiting for Westjet staff to get their act together. Checked in sat around a mostly shut down airport. Plane departed Punta Cana at 40 minutes past Midnight. Captain came on the intercom with a story about a bird strike in Nassau. Cabin crew started regular service as if everything was normal by pushing round the duty free cart to sell us stuff. No offer of free drinks or extra meals nothing. Will never fly with them again.
Flew from Toronto to Los Cabos June 2013. We had upgraded to the 'larger seats' when we booked our all inclusive holiday. My husband needed the extra room after having had a knee replacement 3 months prior to the flight. We were assured the aisle seats we asked for were booked. When we got onto the flight the seats were not aisle side by side rather the bulkhead seats with a 'wall' in front so we were not able to extend our legs at all. When we asked the flight staff they told us they could not move us as all seats were taken. Outcome was my husband stood for most of the 5.5 hours it took to get to Cabo. When we got to Los Cabos airport ground staff said they had not request from Sunwing and that they could not give us different seats. Again we were on the same bulkhead seats and were unable to change seats. We will not fly Sunwing again!
Total 12hrs delay. July 29-Aug 2 2013. Outbound flight delayed 10hrs. Vague reason of "managerial decision regarding technical difficulty". Flight crew very rude with plenty of warning from pilot that "not our fault we only work here no tolerance etc". Not woken up for food drinks or snacks. Insulted with $75 voucher for future use. Return flight 2hr delay no apologies no explanation. First experience with Sunwing - not a good one.
Just returned from a trip to Cuba July 19th to 24th. A short vacation with a supposedly short flight. We were delayed out of Pearson originally 1 hr 20 mins and then due to bad weather another 4 plus hours. On the way home our flight was delayed over 3 hours and then had mechanical difficulties and was further delayed. This is not the first negative experience with Sunwing.
Edmonton Alberta Canada to Mexico just a little over a month ago. Trip down was average flight was on-time leaving and we even landed a little early. Flight attendants were alright on the way down but on the way back was a different story. Flight was 4 hours late getting to the airport but even before that the complementary service that took us from our resort to the airport got us there another 4 hours early. Spent 8 hours in the airport waiting for the flight. Once we finally were boarded we took off promptly I understood that everyone was tired but it is the flight attendants job to still be courteous and friendly which was not the case. The food was what we expected it to be on a plane and the "champagne flight" was actually a 1/4 cup of champagne in a little plastic glass that was only served on the way to our vacation not on the way home. Overall the trip was excellent one we got to our resort but the trip to and from there was horrible and I would defiantly not recommend flying with them nor would I ever fly with them again.
Our 5.5 hour flight turned into 10.5 after having to stop for fuel twice before reaching our destination. They blamed the first stop on strong headwinds and the second one on thunderstorms despite the sky being clear above the airport where we were supposed to land. The whole plane was starving by that time as they had only served a very light breakfast. On the return trip as soon as we were seated they announced that we would be delayed again by having to stop for fuel due to strong headwinds. After reading the other reviews about this airline I believe that they advertise flights as non-stop to get the seats booked knowing full well that they will have to stop for fuel. As if this wasn't bad enough the plane was absolutely filthy with gum and food all over the seats and it was clear that the bathroom hadn't been cleaned for some time. Avoid this airline at all costs.
My husband one-year-old daughter and I flew Sunwing the week of May 25 2013 to a friend's wedding in Jamaica. We had an extra bag that we were quite willing to pay for - but I didn't need the long drawn-out lecture from the check-in agent about it. Paid $120 return for our extra piece. Check-in agent said she was going to put a note in our account that we had paid for the extra piece. Once we got to Montego Bay Sunwing's transportation to our hotel was disorganized and haphazard. When we arrived at the airport on our return and went to check in there was no note on the account saying that we paid for the extra piece of luggage. I was not impressed in the least. Thankfully the counter staff at the Montego Bay airport were excellent and competent. They agreed to take us at our word and not charge us again. My husband finally found the receipt we received from Sunwing showing that we paid for our extra luggage. Instead of lecturing me about my luggage maybe the Toronto check-in agent should have ensured that she put the information into our account. The flight attendants were good. The plane was cramped. The washrooms weren't as big as a closet. Those things I can understand from a budget airline but make sure your staff are competent.
I was on my way to Cuba (Santa Clara) for a vacation departed on May 21st from Toronto at 6.20am. Boarded and left early 2 hours into our 3 hour flight the captain came on the PA and less than an hour from our destination we turned around and went back to where we started. Flight crew were sympathetic but Sunwing didn't offer anything other than an apology. Nothing for being 7 hours late to a destination. I had a tall person in the seat behind me who had no choice but to put her knees into my seat back. On the return it was worse. The airport at Santa Clara is a free for all. Of course it was a full flight and there were no seats left for us to sit together. Upon informing us of this offered an "upgrade" for $25 per person. Upon saying no he then offered us $20 pp. I have never heard of an airline offering a bargaining system like this. Upgraded seats known as "Elite Plus" are the same uncomfortable seats as the rest of the plane however you now have the legroom of any other standard plane in North America. Flight crew were rude. Forget about a blanket as "Sunwing does not stock us with blankets". In the future I will change my travel plans or even pay a little extra to avoid this airline at all cost.
Flew out of Edmonton. Flight delayed for hours. I should have checked here first! The flight attendant was sympathetic. Flight was ok. Food was horrible. Flight back was delayed again no reason. Had to pay for extras at airport. Would not recommend. With all the delays and problems it is a joke airline.
On May 22 we travelled from Edmonton to Cancun. Our party included 4 adults and 1 baby. We left at 8am but before we left we fed the baby at a restaurant. We had snacks with us for her. About 1pm she became extremely hungry and we could not settle her. I asked if there was something I could buy because our baby was hungry. Told me no and that I should have packed something. She wouldn't even give us the breakfast they served because it was old so bringing something on board with us would not have been great either. I asked another who gave us a fruit cup but that didn't last long. Eventually given cheese and crackers which settled our baby. 5.5 hours is a long time for a child especially a baby. You cannot give a baby junk food when they are hungry.
Seats are not comfortable. My friend and I were separated on our flights we couldn't sit together there and back. Staff on the plane were not friendly and they were very rude to passengers nothing changed there and back.
My family and I (a group of 13) travelled with Sunwing and I was extremely disappointed. First and last time with the airline. Flew from Toronto to Punta Cana. Staff in Toronto were not friendly and we all had different staff serving us. The seats were not comfortable and there was not much leg room. The food was good but that's about all I can say about this airline. When we came back from Punta Cana they wanted to charge me $40 for my carry on which was exactly the same weight as when I flew out. I ended up having to take clothing out and they would not let me put it in my suitcase. Staff were rude. Flight delayed 1 hour with no explanation and they did not bother to tell Westjet in Toronto that there were 13 of us who needed to catch the plane to Calgary as soon as we arrived. We ended up missing our flight in Toronto to Calgary.
Flight out was fine. but flight back was delayed by over 8 hours. Was issued $150 for use on next flight but now they do not operate flights from Gatwick to Toronto. Still trying to reclaim $150 ca dollars to use for next flight to Canada.
First and last time. The planes still have signs on the overhead bins in Slavic. To depart we were delayed 4.5 hours. Toilet problem. Like no one noticed that on the return flight the night before? They wait until the morning to fix it. No space for your legs or even to rest your arms. The TV screen popping out of the ceiling are the size of my cell phone. Seats were dirty and decorated with chewing gum. Staff going were not organized coming back a bit better. If you look at the trip over all and the extras you are dishing out for seat selection larger seats and all you may as well travel with a classier airline!
Took a trip to Dreams Riviera Cancun May 6-10 with my wife and 6 month old child. How can an airline book separate seats for husband and wife plus infant? Sunwing staff agent at Montreal Trudeau airport were more concerned for collecting 200$ from us on excess baggage charges and rushed us to our gate not informing us of the surprise we were to receive boarding the plane. We had to pay another $38 to ensure that we didn't run into another seat booking issue. Upon our day for return Sunwings bus transport was nowhere to be seen an hour later finally a transport van showed up. Get to the airport and again we had to pay 100$ for excess baggage. Sunwing was so disappointing! Never again will I book with such a sub par vacation airline.
I travelled to Mexico twice in the last month with Sunwings and I will never book my trip through that airline again! First trip the airline crew was not accommodating. First flight down was delayed 4 hours. Told we were going to receive a $50 voucher towards our next flight with Sunwing. Still waiting on that voucher. The second trip I took the crew down were horrific! I was sitting with my infant daughter in the first row and the stewardess kept hitting me with elbows etc and I was tucked in to my seat and so was my child without body parts hanging out. There was absolutely no control over passengers by the crew. There were a few passengers that opened their duty free bottles and were drinking them on the plane. Nothing was said or done. I had 3 young children on the plane that didn't need to be subjected to that. The planes were horrible! Tiny aisles broken parts in the washrooms etc.
Just returned from a trip to Cancun Mexico with Sunwing. I have flown Sunwing for many years and have always found them to be an exceptional company. I just recently recommended them to my sister for her trip to Cuba. When she returned just a week before we left she told me about there terrible experience on their return flight. I had booked our flight many months in advance as my husband has a disability and we prefer to sit at the back of the plane so that he can board first and get off last. Also he needs a direct flight as he doesn't do well with long periods on the plane. We also prebook the seats to insure our seating. Much to our surprise the flight down had originated in Calgary with the plane half full when it arrived in Vancouver okay it was still direct from Vancouver. On the return trip the plane flew to Calgary first after. A one hour delay. In Cancun where they changed our departure gate just before boarding offering my husband no assistance to get there. Then we all lined up in a big jumbled mess to board a bus they crammed to the fullest to drive to the plane where we had to climb a staircase to board the plane in the crush of all the people who had no concern for disabled or families with small children. It was a gong show! When I said those exact words to the flight crewone woman rolled her eyes at me! When we finally reached Vancouver we discovered they had lost one of our suitcases! Two days later we still have not had any contact with anyone from Sunwing as to where it is. I have been a loyal customer for many years probably will not use Sunwing in the future!
Cannot believe how poor the service has become. We have using Sunwing to fly to Puerto Plata for years. In November we were delayed at the POP airport for 5 hours. They gave each of us a $10 food voucher for a particular restaurant. The food was terrible. We recently travelled to Puerto Plata at the beginning of April. We specifically booked the flight which arrived at our hotel by noon. Three weeks before departure Sunwing advised us that the flight times had changed and we were being re-routed to POP via Jamaica. So a 4 hour flight turned into 7 hours and we arrived after dinner at the hotel. Unfortunately before departure I became ill with extreme nausea and a fever. During the flight my husband asked the stewardess for a cold cloth as I was about to pass out. Her only help was to inquire if I had breathing problems. My husband had to go to the washroom to get the cloth. It was a 7 hour flight from hell.
This is the 3rd time that my flight has been delayed. First flight was flying to Dominican Republic as soon as we got to the airport we were told our flight was delayed 8 hours. Given a food voucher for 20 dollars but only for a specific restaurant and the food was terrible. Now I'm flying back from Mexico to Toronto and I was told that my flight is delayed 6 hours. When they post their All Inclusive vacation they try to make the flight schedule more attractive of course most people would not want to arrive 2 am in the morning. Once you're booked all of a sudden your flight schedule is changed and there's nothing much you can do about it. I should have learnt my lesson.
My family and I flew from Deer Lake to Punta Cana. We had the elite seats which we paid extra for. We travelled with our 10 month old baby. Leaving Deer Lake we were delayed over 3 hours. There was no pre- boarding. No one to help us. On the way back there was no pre-boarding or elite boarding. I was stuck in a massive queue with my baby. We were on the plane for over 2 hours waiting no complementary drinks. On top of it all they had all of our bags going to the wrong place. Finally made it to Deer Lake. A 5 hour flight took us 12 hours.
So it appears with other reviews our flight was delayed from Calgary to Cuba by almost 4 hours as well with the crew joking that they had no idea why? We had flown Sunwing for years however the decline in service is so drastic that this will be our last trip with Sunwing.
Elite Plus means you pay more that is it. There are no signs at airport in Calgary to let you know where to go as an Elite member. The food is done for choices by the time you get yours towards the middle. Trying to get a hold of someone if there are issues with your luggage is near impossible. No vouchers were given to us even though we were supposed to get them at check in and after that no one knew anything about them even though it showed on my confirmation slip what was supposed to happen. Plane was delayed from other city so was 7 hours late. The whole airline feels like a money grab and once they have it they couldn't care less what service they provide.
I went to the Bahamas over the Easter weekend with my family and our flight was delayed 2 hours so we spent 5 hours in the airport. On the way back from the Bahamas our flight was delayed again by 2 hours and got to spend another 5 hours in the airport. Don't think that this is acceptable I can understand being delayed once but to do it to the same people twice was not acceptable.
Flew from Toronto to Las Vegas return. The flight there was ok only delayed by a few minutes. Only downside was that the cabin crew were not very responsive. However the flight back was delayed by close to 4 hours and passengers were only given a $10 fast food voucher. No explanation as to why the flight was delayed. After getting on the flight the staff were rude and they just don't care about passengers. The meals were awful.
I travel regularly for business and recreation and have not had an experience quite like Sunwing. You can't use their web check in until 4 hours before you fly what's the point if you need to be at the airport 3 hours ahead of time. Before we left for the airport I checked the status of the flight which was supposed to be on time. When we arrived at the airport there were no Sunwing reps at the check in desk which was odd. We checked in using the kiosk and went through security. An hour and a half before we were to start boarding the flight from Toronto to Cancun was updated to be 7 hours delayed. No announcement and no Sunwing reps anywhere to be found. We were given $25 coupons for food which doesn't go very far at the airport and considering we lost a day out of a 5 day vacation didn't seem quite appropriate.
Vancouver to Santa Clara and back. In both cases the planes ran out of fuel and we had to make re-fuelling stops which were not scheduled. Both times the crew made excuses. The crew were nice though. The air- conditioning worked poorly. No inflight entertainment whatsoever. The only positive thing is the option of paying an extra $40 and getting a seat with more leg room. I cant imagine how people manage in the regular seats.
Cincinnati to Cancun flight delayed 2.5 hours. Week later Cancun to Cincinnati flight delayed 5 hours. Bathrooms were the most disgusting I have seen and I was the first to use them as I was in the last row and first in line. We got one drink on a 3 plus hour flight. Crew not friendly after they were so late taking off. Other airlines are worth the extra money. With others you get there on time and you are hydrated when you arrive. Sunwings needs some serious improvement. This flight was $638 Will gladly pay more for a different provider.
Calgary to Cancun flight delayed 12.5 hrs due to 'no crew available'. We were not notified of delay until we arrived at the airport at 6 am only to be turned away and told to come back for a 10pm flight which was also delayed. Were given food vouchers for the airport when we arrived again in the evening after we had just eaten dinner at home so they were useless. A minimal value non-transferable coupon for a future Sunwing vacation within the next year as "compensation" is also completely worthless. An entire day of our week's vacation was wasted.
Feb 23rd 2013 3 of us flew from Ottawa to Punta Cana. I paid premium for the bigger seats I had the bulkhead seat which when there was a queue for the toilet passengers would get in between me and the bulkhead. When I complained I was scorned by the flight crew they told me that they had a right to be there. The crew were also apparently bilingual the girl reading the pre-flight instructions could barely make it with the French part. This was also called the champagne flight the champagne cup is the size of a pill tumbler.
Flew to Mexico March 18-25 booked a direct flight from Ottawa to Cancun and of course it was changed to Ottawa Montreal and Cancun. Our friends Seats we're pre-booked and got changed. We booked the VIP Lounge what a joke free drinks and meals are (mini sandwiches). The meals on the plane were terrible. Will never travel with them again very disappointed with the service.
Terrible customer service! We were delayed coming back from Punta Cana. Not a Sunwing rep in sight at the airport. All signs showed on time even after we had been delayed a couple of hours with no explanation. Had to walk out to the tarmac not so bad to do in Punta Cana but not so nice when arriving back in Moncton in a snow storm. Make sure you're wearing proper shoes and bring a coat back with you. Luggage was damaged during the non-stop flight from Punta Cana to Moncton. The Sunwing reps are not being helpful in expediting compensation for that. Once they have your money you're on your own. Don't expect any help!
Flew to San Jose Feb 22nd paid for a direct flight but we were informed 10 days prior to our trip that we were landing in Panama. Then on the way home plane was too heavy and had to land in Cancun to refuel. They played a children's cartoon as our return movie asked for a glass of water - never got it. Never again.
From Edmonton touch down in Regina to Jamaica. Well that's what is was supposed to be. It was Edmonton to Regina sit on runway for 3 hours then 2 more hours to Toronto sit for 1 hour then 5 hours to Jamaica. No alcohol served until the final leg to Jamaica and they ran out of alcohol before making it half way through serving the plane so people at the back didn't get anything.
Trip to Orlando waited 2.5 hours in a line-up then waited another 2.5 hours before boarding. Because there were only 2 ticket agents on with 2 flights going out we missed clearing customs in Canada and after arriving in Orlando we waited 2 more hours to get through customs and had to wait another 1.4 hrs to get luggage. Waited 8 hours for a 3.5 hour direct flight. Return flight waited 2 hours in line up to get to ticket agent. Time change now flight is delayed 1.5 hours. Plane was sitting at the airport so why the delay? They blamed US customs. Arrived in Halifax we had to wait one hour to retrieve our bags from the plane. I am a frequent flier and thought I'd try out their direct flight - never again. I could make two stop-overs and still get to Florida quicker.
My wife and I purchased the "Elite" package for flying. The only thing that we received for the $100/person was the extra baggage weight. The occupants in seat 1 abc and 2 abc are very cramped yes you can stretch your legs out but the seats are "very" narrow. If in seat 1c as I was you can not stretch your legs as your feet go into the aisle leading into the stewardess station. We found the stewardess very unpleasant.
Plane broke down while refuelling in Saskatoon on our way to Vancouver so 4 hours sitting on the runway until they decided it couldn't be fixed easily. Then 2 hours in a line up for a single Sunwing rep for 184 passengers to get a hotel voucher for the night. Was 4am by the time we were in our room and asleep! They insisted we come back by 10am - the plane wasn't fixed and ready for another 2 hours! All in all was a painful return.
Our family vacation from Calgary to Cancun Mexico got off to a bad start. Our flight was scheduled for 9.30am but got delayed 12.5 hrs without any explanation. We were given voucher for taxi to go home with all of our luggage and to come back in the evening to try again. We lost almost 1 day out of our 1 week vacation. I understand that delays are bound to happen from time to time but a 12.5 hrs delay without good reason/explanation is not acceptable.
Vancouver to Havana Cuba via Varadero - trip down and all local connections were on schedule and as advertised. Simple and clean service at Cuba customs and immigration. Return flight was the usual nightmare. Some delay in departure but advised of a re-routing through Saskatoon for refuelling. Some mechanical problem caused further delays. 4 hours on the tarmac further delays then deplaned to spend the night in Saskatoon. Only one attendant handing out vouchers at 3am. 1pm departure the next day became 3pm. Flight Saskatoon to Vancouver and landing were uneventful. Can only be taken by people prepared for 24 hour delays. Bring your own food prepare to camp out at airports and on planes.
Flew to Punta Cana from Saint John New Brunswick on March 4 2013. Flight was on time with no problems. The captain was great informing us where we were during the 4 hour flight etc. Return flight on March 11 2013 was a different story. Told by our Sunwing rep. that the flight was delayed 5 hours so we stayed at the resort for the extra few hours. Decided to cab it to the airport to avoid the long line-ups at the check-in counter. We were the second couple to check in and were told that we could not get seats together which was probably a language issue since the staff couldn't even speak English. We received a $20 voucher for Wendy's I assume for the delay. On the flight home I asked if they were going to pass out the Canadian Custom forms for us to fill out before we got there. The answer was "they didn't have any". A girl in front of me asked for ear-phones and was told she was supposed to keep the ones she was given on the flight down. No champagne on the flight back. I guess "champagne flight" means one glass on the departing flight only. There was a huge line-up for Customs once we arrived because 180 of us had to fill out the forms in the airport. Finally got home at 4am Tuesday morning. We were originally scheduled be home about 10pm Monday night.
I used Sunwing from Saint John to Punta Cana they changed our flight times 3 times and offered no explanation why. Only that they reserve the right to reschedule and that I should read my contract. I will not use Sunwing again as long as I am flying.
Our trip was booked from Toronto to San Jose Costa Rica (direct). They changed it to non-direct via Panama (added 3 hours onto our travel) and noted that this would not be compensated. Flight home from San Jose was delayed 4 hours. Once on the plane it was further delayed by 2 hours - as we had to stop in Cozumel for fuel. None of it was compensated (not even a free beer).
We flew last year with no complaints however this Feb we flew to Cuba. The flight down was fine our return flight from Varadara we had to fly to Holguin Cuba. I understand mechanical problems happen but very little information was given to us and our 3.5 hr trip turned into 5.5 hr trip which I found very uncomfortable. We always try to buy duty free on the plane but they never have enough stock on board.
Flight 420 from Toronto to Punta Cana delayed 7.5 hours on Friday March 1/13. Weather was no issue. 5 out of 7 Sunwing flights were delayed that day from 4 to 7.5 hours. Spent first full day of our vacation at the airport. They said a bird flew into the engine and it had to be replaced so they were renting a plane. Must have been a 'big' flock of birds that took out 5 planes! Rental plane had long washroom queues due to broken toilet. Return flight delayed 1 hour 22 minutes! They kept apologizing for the 'short' delay.
We flew with Sunwing this past Feb and our experience is much the same as everyone else. Delayed delayed delayed. Excuses and rude staff - not acceptable. We lost a full day off the beginning of our Cuba vacation and the weather was perfect for 2 days prior to departure. We were told they couldn't get crew to fly our plane. Very bad communication vouchers are garbage read the fine print. Never again will we trust Sunwing with our hard earned vacation.
March 3 WG 510 Cancun to Toronto. 8 hours delay. Flight supposed to leave around 2.30pm and left close to 11pm. Nobody gave any reason why flight was delayed. The only statement from the captain was that this plane came around 5 pm after being delayed on some other flight. He had no further details. Ironically there was an incoming flight from Toronto which landed around 2 pm. Either way the policy of disinformation was only topped by rude and unfriendly hostesses. Not heating the plane must save money. Everybody sat there in their sweaters and coats. Solution next time it's another airline.
Our flight on Feb 28 from Varadero Cuba to Windsor was delayed 7 hrs There was various explanations given from Sunwing Reps but still don't know the real cause of the delay. Once we were in the air we were told that due to mechanical problems our flight would be diverted to Toronto. We were reassured that there would be another flight to fly us from Toronto to Windsor. Once we were deplaned we found out it was all a lie and that there was no plane available to fly to Windsor. After a 3 hour wait we were loaded onto Greyhound buses and were subjected to a bumpy 4 hour drive down the 401. We finally arrived in Windsor On March 1 at 4am. This was a 14 hour delay in our arrival time. Sunwing has offered no compensation. Will never fly Sunwing again!
Will never fly again with this airline. Flight going to Punta Cana was delayed 3 hours. I understand things like this happen. However the return flight was delayed a whole day and the only way we found this out was when the airport shuttle didn't show up to pick us up at the resort and we called them. They then moved us to another "resort" for the night. Then after we had to get up at midnight to meet the shuttle the flight continued to be delayed and we had to sit in the airport for hours. We did make it back home a whole day later. Don't let the cheap price fool you.
Delayed from our original departure time of 3pm out of Toronto on February 16th due to a snow storm. We were on the tarmac ready to go when we got called back. The pilot announced there would be a 2 hour delay before the weather broke however he also told us that because we were an International flight and at a domestic gate we could not leave the plane and also that we would be refuelling. After 30 mins we were allowed off the plane and walked into the "International terminal". Given a $30 voucher for food only. I will not use this airline again. We sat and waited while planes with scheduled departures after ours left. Our plane left at 4.45 am getting into Aruba at around 10.30. We essentially lost an entire day of our vacation.
Flew to Mexico on Feb 21. Upon check in at Pearson no notice was given that our flight was delayed by 2 hours. At the end of our trip while waiting for shuttle pick up (which was assured to be on time the day before) we waited in the resort lobby for 6 hours after checking out of our room because of a flight delay our Sunwing rep was nowhere to found and when reached by phone had no information as to why we where left stranded. After finally getting to the airport around 6pm instead of noon. Only to find the flight has been delayed even longer. In short we were to be back in Toronto on Feb 28 at 7:30 pm however arrived back at 4:00 am March 1. No apology given until deplanning. Worst airline service I have ever experienced will not be using Sunwing again.
My wife and I flew 8 February. Day of our trip arrived and there was a snow storm. An hour before the flight I asked if we would be getting out I was assured we would be going that night. 2 hours after scheduled departure we were told the flight would be delayed - delayed not cancelled. An hour later told to get our bags and go back through security. We would be waiting until morning to depart. They escorted us through security and dropped us at baggage claim. Our bags eventually showed an hour later. We headed for the ticket counter to see what could be done - ticket counter was closed and nobody from Sunwing was in the airport. We spent the first night of our vacation on the floor in the terminal. Air Canada brought us snacks blankets and water. Finally as 'compensation' we were given a letter offering $150 off a future booking to be used within a year. On our return told our flight was delayed 3 hours. Sure enough we arrived at the airport and there was no plane we sat there for 4 more hours finally starting to board at 2am.
Ottawa to Varadero Cuba return. Both flights delayed. Ottawa to Varadero was supposed to leave at 5.15pm Saturday delayed until 6am Sunday. Received notice that it was only supposed to be delayed until 3.50am Sunday. Had to wait 6 hours at the airport. No clear explanation given as to why there was a delay. The only thing Sunwing gave us was a voucher of $30 each. Same thing leaving Varadero except no notice. Flight scheduled to leave at 10.15pm Saturday flight delayed until 12pm Sunday. No announcements no explanation as to the delay. We had to go through customs in Cuba twice because of leaving to go to the hotel they provided. They were so disorganized by the time we got checked in we only had 3 hours of sleep. At 2 am in the morning they decided to put us in a hotel. We were delayed until 11am then 12pm and 12.30pm.
Extremely disappointed with the flight to Montego Bay Feb 10 supposed to leave 6am. Eventually left at 11.30 return flight supposed to leave at 11.20 am. eventually left at 9.55pm. No good reason was given for either delay. The plane itself was dated and on the outgoing flight only one toilet worked this for over 150 passengers. The seating and comfort on the plane was cramped and on the return flight one enormous passenger forced the central passenger in a 3 seat row to leave his wife and find another seat. The on-line flight service up to leaving time stated that both flight were on time considering that one had to be at the airport 2-3 hours beforehand only exacerbated the situation. Sunwing's poor departures spoiled what would have been an excellent vacation and a $75 credit voucher does not make up for the poor service.
Flew to Punta Cana from Ottawa on February 2. Plane left at 6 am got to the airport at 3.30 am. First shock there was a huge queue and only 2 boarding agents. Next shock the plane itself. An old Czech 737 a 28-row plane with 32 rows. I'm 6'3" the seat was almost painful. Crew members were cheery. The real horror story was the flight home supposedly on the 9th. Told to be ready for pick up at the resort at 9.30 am. While waiting told a storm in the US Northeast had caused a delay that we were to be picked up at 11.30 pm. Then advised the plane was going to leave at 6.15 Sunday morning. Picked up at 3 am taken to the airport checked in got to the gate - our flight was delayed until 12.30! No one from Sunwing was there of course. Finally a plane landed at 6.00 and we boarded the sardine can and flew home. Got to Ottawa 22 hours late.
Very disappointed flight delayed more than 12 hrs - told snow storm in Calgary. Check live weather feed and clear and sunny and no snow. Offered $150 off next vacation with Sunwing to be used in the next 12 months. They don't care now that they have your money.
Flight to Cancun on February 2 2013 went well. Was impressed by the Flight Attendants' service. Flight and service back home was very disappointing and very frustrating. Delayed 16 hours in Cancun. Confusion disorganization and no Sunwing Representative to explain anything. Will not travel Sunwing again!
Very disappointed. Departure flight to Cuba was delayed more than 12 hours and the return flight was more than 4 hours. Worst customer service ever experienced - would never pay Sunwing for a vacation in the future.
Ottawa to Varadero Cuba and return. Both flights were delayed. Ottawa to Varadero was supposed to leave at 5.15pm Saturday delayed until 6am Sunday. Received notice that it was only supposed to be delayed until 3.50am Sunday. Had to wait 6 hours at the airport. No clear explanation given as to why there was a delay. Same thing leaving Varadero except no notice. Flight scheduled to leave at 10.15pm Saturday flight delayed until 12 pm Sunday - 13+ hour delay. No announcements no explanation as to the delay. We had to go through customs in Cuba twice because of leaving to go to the hotel they provided. They were so disorganized by the time we got checked in we only had 3 hours of sleep. We arrived back in Ottawa at about 4pm.
First and last time we will use Sunwing Airlines. Trip to Cuba delayed on Feb 4th by over 8 hours. Return flight home which was supposed to be on Monday Feb 11th at 5pm didn't take off from Cuba to Vancouver until Tuesday Feb 12th at 6am (a 12.5 hour delay). Again no real explanation as to why? This airline needs to shape up I know they're a charter airline but they don't seem to care about their passengers.
We were delayed 10 hrs from Jamaica Feb 17 2013. Never told until we got down to check out at 5am that we were delayed until 9.30 pm. Rep was no help said didn't know what was going on we sat in the lobby all day until at 6pm a bus finally came for us. No empathy at all from this airline or their reps when we were there. Not one persons story matched the others cannot feel we can trust this airline for any help so do not see ever flying with them again!
Going to Puerto Vallarta Feb 3/13 to Feb 10/13. Stood in line for 1.5 hours to get checked in. They told us flight was delayed but couldn't tell us for how long. They gave us a $15 food voucher and sent us to wait. Flight was 3 hours late. Interestingly on the departure board all Sunwing flights were delayed. Got on plane and none of the headphone outlets worked in my row of seats therefore couldn't watch or listen to anything. The other problem I have with Sunwing is their baggage allowance. All other airlines I've flown with give you a 50 lb baggage allowance but Sunwing only allows you 44 lbs. Big difference especially if you are travelling for more than one week. Plus the 5 kg carry on allowance is ridiculous. Our empty carry on suitcases (new hard shell light weight) with one pair of shoes was 5 kg so I travelled to Mexico with 2 virtually empty carry ons. I wouldn't recommend this airline especially if you have to make a connection. I would be worried about their problem with flight delays.
Horrible experience on more than one occasion and destination with this airline. I will choose to pay extra and have a stop over to avoid flying them again! I will only fly them again if there is no other choice. The only reason I am giving the airline a 2 and not a 0 is because I had decent flight attendants and was served a decent meal. People at the check in counter both in Calgary and other countries awful as well. Not willing to help and each person you talk to will give you a different story.
I recently flew to Bahamas Feb 3rd from Toronto my first time flying with them and will be my last. On the way to Bahamas we had a 6.05pm flight which we found out last min was delayed - they said 3 hrs no explanation. Asked the Sunwing Reps and they said they had no idea why it was delayed weather was great that day. They gave us a $10 food voucher. Check in was very slow they only had 2 people working and they had to hand write everyone's vouchers. Took off a 9pm which got us to Bahamas at midnight arrived at our resort close to 2 am. Return flight also delayed 4 hrs it was scheduled to leave at 10.30 pm but left at 2.30 am no explanation at all! At this time of night the Bahamas airport was basically closed down no food or water. We were signed up to get email notifications of any delays we received nothing! Disappointing.
Used Sunwing vacations for a trip to Puerto Vallarta on Feb 1 2013. Flight delayed 4 hours leaving Ottawa. Not only was there no explanation but they only told us that at check in. Leaving Mexico the same thing happened. After saying it was on time the plane was 2.5 hours late and again they only told us at the airport rather that let us wait at the hotel were we could eat drink and relax. The seats are so small if you have a larger passenger next to you you'll have to sit at an angle in order to fit. I'll never use Sunwing again.
Recently flew back from Jamaica with Sunwing and was very disappointed. Their representatives in Jamaica were not helpful in any situation. As for the airline itself all I can say that they have very poor communication skills. Our flight got delayed a few times during the day until finally we board the plane just to get off again in a few minutes. Very disorganized - they did not give us any reasons. The one day delay would not have been just a big deal if we would have been told from the beginning. On top of the run- around since they knew from the night before that they did not have any food for us on the plane no one told us to get something into us before we board. It was 7 hours without food. We did get a $150 voucher for our next trip really?
We travelled back from Punta Cana on February 2nd actually February 3rd as our flight was delayed for several hours. Checked out of our resort on Saturday morning for a 12.30 flight only to be told by the Sunwing rep that the flight was delayed until midnight no real excuse given! At around 6 my husband checked the board again went to the Sunwing rep and found out the flight was further delayed. The plane was delayed for another hour when we finally boarded we were served a dinner menu at 7 in the morning! Not provided with headphones even though the movie was playing. The plane was so small I am a small person but could not even move my legs! Never ever again would I fly this airline. We were re-imbursed the $49 for the hotel room. As far as I am concerned this airline is just providing a shuttle service back and forth to these resorts and it is only to make money customers do not matter to them!
I booked with Sunwing for Feb 13 2013 going from Toronto to Las Vegas. It was a 3.30pm flight. The plane pushed back from the gate right on time and headed for the runway. Once there it turned around and headed back to the gate. The pilot said there was a slight problem and it would only take an hour to fix. We sat on the plane for 1.5 hours and then de-boarded. I asked at the gate if there was a chance that the flight would be cancelled and was assured that we would be departing. Finally at 9.30pm they cancelled the flight. No explanations no apologies nothing. I was told on the return flight that Sunwing doesn't even own their planes. They rent them from different airlines all over the world. The plane we were on for the return trip was from Czech Airlines. I will never fly Sunwing again.
We were to fly Jan 14 from Calgary to Cancun at 10.15am. When we arrived at the airport there was a notice - flight delayed until 8.50pm. Given a voucher for a hotel room but no food. Later told when the flight from Cuba arrived we would take this plane. However our flight crew was sent elsewhere. When we arrived at 5.50pm checked luggage without incident cleared security and off to have a drink. 1.5 hrs later we hear one announcement for Sunwing. No reps to be found Westjet employee advised us that the flight was cancelled and would go tomorrow at 11.45 am. Collected the luggage got in yet another queue for hotel and food vouchers. Minimal staff present to answer questions. The next morning we check in again and learn the plane we are taking to Cancun was to go to Huatulco. There is poor management starting at the top lack of organization possible poor maintenance on airplanes and huge lack of service. We lost 26 hours of our vacation. I will not recommend Sunwing or fly Sunwing ever again!
