We decided to fly Asiana Airlines because of their competitive fares (cheaper by $300 than other premium carriers) and complimentary hotel stays at the Grand Hyatt for the layover. Transfers were one of the easiest we've experienced especially on the return flights. London ground agents booked our seats not just to Seoul but Sydney as well, and our bags were automatically transferred by the airline to our Sydney plane as there was no layover. This gave us more time to relax in the lounge. Onboard experience was fantastic. Three out of the four legs had excellent flat beds and only the Sydney to Seoul leg had angled seats which were great for a day flight but I'd question its comfort overnight. What was truly memorable was the gracious and respectful cabin service on every single flight. The crew seemed like they weren't just great attendants but great people in general. Great food and extensive selection of alcoholic drinks. The whole experience was memorable for us in a pleasant way and we'll certainly fly Asiana again.
Asiana was an excellent experience. After a dreadful experience on United cancelling my connecting flight at midnight, I was able to get a flight out of LAX on Asiana. Asiana is my new go to for direct flights from LAX to Seoul. The A380 is extremely quite and smooth. No shaking or noise like the B747. The fully reclining leather seats are the most comfortable. The bathroom was the nicest I have seen including a port hole to see out. Toothbrushes and toothpaste were a nice touch in the bathroom. The all female staff were dressed to the "nines" and were polite. The food was wonderful. Wine choices very good. Asiana certainly has won my vote. US based carriers can learn a lot. 
My original booking was made for my husband and me online. We called and requested that my husband's itinerary be cancelled. When I arrived at check in at ORD I discovered that my itinerary was hte one cancelled. The staff were efficent and gracious in re-booking me. I did have to buy a new ticket. We were due a refund for my husband's itinerary. The refund was handled promptly and with apologies for the error. All extra charges were waived. Although the seats were fully not lie flat they were comfortable and I slept 8 hours. The staff at Chicago, onboard, and at Incheon were friendly and very helpful. When the new fully flat bed seats are on this route I would have no negative comments.
SEA-ICN-BKK. It was during the peak season when international students were flying home for the summer, but nevertheless, Asiana managed to handle the chaos very well. The check-in was smooth, the flight arrived early, and there was no problem with the connection flight at ICN. The seats were comfortable, cabin was clean, food was of quality. Flight attendants were quick to respond to passenger's requests on board. Will definitely fly again.
Flew round trip in business from SYD-LAX with a stopover in ICN. Sleeping was very comfortable on overnight flights aside from the warm temperatures that I occasionally woke up to. The A380 to LAX was the best travel experience I've had. Everything went smoothly without the usual stresses of long haul, full flights. The plane itself was also amazingly quiet. Cabin service was detailed yet unobtrusive. Wine glasses were never less than half full and empty plates cleared in seconds. Truly five stars. All legs were on the new business seats which was a pleasant change en route to Sydney. I've previously left bitter reviews of the angled seats on long haul flights. The question is whether the new equipment on the SYD routes is seasonal or permanent as I will definitely fly them outbound from Sydney much more if it's the latter. Highly recommended airline.
I flew Asiana for the first time from LAX to MNL via ICN and was very impressed with the service that I received. I arrived late to the airport in LAX with an overweight package assuming I had missed my flight. They checked me in got my bag on the plane and actually escorted me through security to the gate. I have never had that kind of service on any airline! Then on the way home I mis-read my 12.05 am return flight from MNL as 12.05pm and completely missed my flight. Rather than canceling me as any airline would and force me to purchase new tickets they confirmed me on the next flight without a change fee. I've never been treated so well!
FRA-ICN and ICN-SYD return FRA-ICN leg in clean and tidy 747s were comfortable food and service very good seat comfort and legroom felt better than Emirates. ICN-SYD leg on very old and tired 777-ER with terribly uncomfortable seats dirty upholstery and Stone Age inflight entertainment of 5 looped movies on grainy screens - the smiling cabin staff saved the day with constant offers of drinks and responsive service.
ICN-HKG last weekend for quick getaway 4/3-4/6. For ICN-HKG flight it was a bad day for OZ operations but the cabin crew held it together very well! OZ 749 down to HKG (8pm departure) that was delayed an hour due to a last minute gate change and downsizing of aircraft an A333 was swapped to an A320. The A320 was definitely older (overhead TV) and tighter pitch but for three hour flight it was no big deal. Also on board an entire Hong Kong tour group decided to switch seats to wherever they wished creating a major headache for flight attendants (and messy overhead bins). The flight attendants held it together very well! The return was on the A380 redeye (OZ 746) which was quite an experience. We selected upper deck economy seats. As there is separate boarding at HKG for each level it really felt like the upper deck was our own plane. The 2-4-2 seats were amazingly spacious with a huge high resolution seatback TV. Downstairs is 3-4-3. These seats also feature side storage bins for economy too! The new plane smell was still there. I do wish that Asiana would not offer a meal on this late flight. With a 12.40 am departure Hong Kong time the flight barely clocks in at 3 hours (and you add an hour time change) so you arrive in Korea at 5am. By the time they complete take off and landing and feed you you barely have an hour and a half for sleep.
My first time flying with Asiana with an A330-300 on 4 legs between CGK-ICN ICN-KIX HND-GMP and ICN-CGK. Space is great legroom is spacious recline is good and crew attentive and friendly. Out of 4 sectors only one (CGK- ICN) aircraft was old so TV screen was very small. Movie selection was very limited especially between Jakarta - Incheon route.
Travelled from Sydney to Seoul to London return and was impressed. London legs were on clean new B777s with large touchscreens and lots of movies. Added bonus of comfortable seats and space. 777 on the Sydney legs were also clean but very old and ptvs were small and grainy. Seats were still comfortable for 10 hours but substandard entertainment made it feel longer. Asiana should realise their Sydney route is just as much a competitive and long haul route as their European and US flights and worthy of the same standard of new planes. Service food and amenities were outstanding on all flights and the crew were a standout.
Traveled non-stop from Los Angeles to Seoul on the new A380. Check in and boarding went smoothly. As for the in- flight experience everything could not have gone better from the food to the service to the entertainment on board. The best feature to the whole experience was that I felt valued both as a customer and top tier member with the personal greeting of appreciation that I get on every Asiana flight unlike that of other airlines I once had status with - guess that's the value of a medium size airline. This airline is truly deserving of its 5 stars.
Flew MNL-ICN-LAX round-trip on February and March 2015. Excellent service by Asiana on all sectors. Cabin crew very caring and pays full attention to passenger needs even in economy. Seats are good on all flights especially on the A380 (seated on the upper deck where economy seats are wider). Flew on their brand new A380 ICN-LAX and attendant even gave me a tour of all cabins upon landing in LAX! Food is good but some entrees repeated on other flights. No issues in boarding flights in MNL ICN and LAX. Only slight complaint is the ICN-MNL flight where the 777 IFE equipment is outdated. However IFE selections are good in all sectors. Paid a little less than $1000 for all sectors but service felt like $2000 or above! Keep up the good work Asiana and continue being one of the world's best airlines!
LAX-ICN-PVG in Jan outstanding service especially the LAX-ICN sector with new A380 spacious legroom good food and beverages excellent entertainment ICN-PVG on very old B767 but still well maintained clean and comfortable seat. The only downside is the boarding process at LAX queued over 30 minutes for boarding.
Nicely surprised with the space available in economy (B767) on a flight between HKT-ICN. Flight attendants are always present even in the middle of the night and the breakfast served was nice (two options). Got an upgrade on the ICN-HKT another nice surprise and very attentive service.
Flew from Los Angeles to Manila. From LAX to Incheon on their new A380. At check in at LAX I was asked to check my carry on as they said the flight was very full-big mistake as my carry on was not in Manila when I arrived-it was put on a later flight and I had to return to Manila airport two days later to pick it up. Boarding at LAX into the A380 as there are so many passengers is a cattle call. They hold up signs with seat numbers and you have to line up behind the sign with your seat number. I was seated in economy upstairs and was lucky to be in front of the line and boarded reasonably fast. The economy seat on the A380 was better than most seats I have flown on many long haul flights to Asia on United or China Air and I found the entertainment system very good with good movies to watch in English. Flight attendants were efficient and pleasant but nothing special. Food I thought was very good compared to others I have flown and you are given real silverware and not plastic-nice touch. I always try to book an aisle seat which I did on this flight so I could easily get up and stand for a while during the flight. The only problem on the A380 is there is nowhere to go and stand for awhile unless you go to the restroom as compared to the old 747's with space in the back to stand and stretch for awhile. The A380 is a nice quiet plane and I would not hesitate to fly it again on Asiana. International transfer at Incheon airport are a breeze-just follow the signs for transfers and you go through a security check and then right up to the departure area for your next flight. Incheon airport is very clean and modern and all stores and restaurants do accept USA dollars so no need to exchange money to be able to buy something. Flight to Manila was on a older 777-200 which was fine for a much shorter flight-it lands at Terminal 1 in Manila which is the oldest terminal and under construction to improve it right now-leaving from there has improved since I flew from there last year-but barely. Leaving from Manila has always required you to pay a terminal fee as you depart but as of this writing the terminal fee will be included in all ticket prices and you will no longer need to pay the terminal fee when departing Manila. Just wish more airlines flew into the new Terminal 3 in Manila which is much nicer and modern terminal. When leaving Manila Asiana made me check my carry-on as it weighed more than 10 kilos but when I boarded the plane I saw many people with much larger carry-ons than mine which I know weighed more than 10 kilos? I had a camera in the bag so they zip tied every pocket and shrunk wrapped the bag in plastic with a big sign say it was fragile and I arrived with no problems.
I flew on the A380 from Seoul to Hong Kong on 01/23/2015. I had purchased a Business Class ticket and for some reason was upgraded at the gate to First Class. Suite product with private sliding doors flat beds and the largest television I have ever seen in a premium cabin. Noise cancelling headsets blanket and pillow were great while napping on the flat bed. Loads of storage space in various forms. The service was wonderful and although a 3.5 hour flight at most there were multi-courses for dinner - appetizer salad entree cheese/fruit dessert and then chocolates. The lavatory is very large felt like a room with a sitting area to be honest and had many amenities.
We have travelled from Heathrow to Sydney and return with Asiana before and also with other airlines. Last time we rated Asiana as very good. Sadly this time the overall level of service was much lower. We had booked through a reputable online travel agency and had a terrible job of getting our seats allocated through them. We eventually got them confirmed but there were a couple of changes along the way. As there is a 19 hour layover at Seoul on the return leg Asiana had previously provided hotel accommodation. We had expected a similar facility this time but after booking we found that not to be the case and we had to make our own arrangements. The flights themselves were uneventful. The seats were comfortable and all four flights were about on time although at least one of the Boeings was quite old. There was a certain amount of turbulence on each flight but the aircraft dealt with that and we suffered no real discomfort. We didn't however think that the meals were as good as previously and certainly the in flight entertainment was quite limited. Perhaps as could be expected there appeared to be more Korean music and films. Unlike their ground staff colleagues the flight crew were very helpful and polite. Most but not all spoke very good English. Our low rating for staff service is due entirely to the way we were dealt with by staff at Seoul. We would not discount using Asiana again but we will as ever consider our experience on this flight with those we experienced with other 5 star airlines when selecting flights in future and we would recommend travellers to look at Asiana as well as other airlines.
We were flying round trip from FRA via ICN to CGK. The first leg was in a 744 the latter one in an A333. We were quite lucky to get upgraded from FRA to ICN to a business class seat due to an overbooked economy class. Food and drinks were still from the economy class though. Shortly after take off hot towels were distributed and shortly after that the crew gave us the dinner and breakfast menu. We both chose to indulge in the famous Bibimbap and were not disappointed. It was excellent. After dinner service the cabin was dimmed window blinds had to be closed and we had a good night's rest until two hours before arrival when breakfast/lunch was served. The second flight from ICN to CGK was in Economy. Asiana's Economy class is better than most other carriers I've experienced. Spacious clean and service is excellent. Seats are comfortable and offer relatively large leg room and can be reclined to a larger extend than others. The only complaint would be the screens of the IFE which are not as bright and crisp as others. Flight attendants are offering drinks regularly and are always willing to help and trying their best to meet all your demands. Lavatories are equipped with skin toner mouth wash and toothpaste and toothbrushes. Slippers blankets and pillows are also provided. Food from ICN to CGK and back was however not as good as between FRA and ICN. Yet still more tasty than other carriers. Overall a very nice experience and will definitely use Asiana again whenever possible.
ICN-SFO B777 Smartium Business - Seat is very similar to Alitalia's business class very comfortable lie-flat direct aisle access from every seat. What made this flight great however were the flight attendants. Not just one but the entire crew made you feel as if they really enjoy their job. Always had a genuine smile.Food and beverages were great except that my first breakfast choice was not available. Inflight entertainment not the best in the world but definitely not the worst. You have to experience the service to understand the world of difference between European US and Chinese carriers. Too bad they don't fly from the US to Europe otherwise I would be a regular.
Hong Kong - Seoul - Los Angeles return. All flights on new A380 except Hong Kong to Seoul on old but very well kept 747 i. I have flown Asiana before and remain very impressed with the commitment to consistent and high on board service and product including economy class. All aircraft spotlessly clean and kept clean throughout the flight especially the bathrooms. Seating very comfortable with excellent legroom all flights. Crew very professional and very accommodating constantly circulating the cabin. Hot meals served on all flights with two hot meals on the LA flights. Choice of Korean and Western. Food quality for airplane food very good with good sized servings. The only negative and it is disappointing as the A380 is new is the inflight entertainment. Seats have large touch screen tvs. However choice of films and TV limited. I would understand if the Korean content was extensive and English more limited but it appears limited in all languages. It is the one thing that lets down this otherwise excellent carrier.
All-around excellent flight! As we boarded we all received the Customs Form the Arrival Card and yes a pen. Such a simple and handy gesture yet so very few do it. The A321 had a 2-2 configuration and was brand new. The seat was very comfortable well designed and the service was excellent as was the food. Impressed with this Asiana flight.
We did LHR-ICN-SYD for Xmas and NY 14/15. LHR-SYD in economy and back in business. The standard of service on all four flights was without fault. The cabin crew were absolutely excellent. The crew are extremely attentive and as opposed to other airlines you can definitely see them around during the night - nothing was too much trouble. We travelled also with our 15 month old granddaughter and the crew were equally attentive for her. On the return flight 3 weeks later one of the stewardesses even recognized us from the ongoing flight. All the meals that were served were of star-restaurant standard and beautifully presented. The beds while not quite lie flat were very comfortable and I managed a good sleep on all flights. Even in economy. Only a rude passenger in business on the return flight (ICN-LHR) on Jan 10 2015 was spoiling the atmosphere a bit. At the end of the flight the head of the stewardesses personally came to apologize. Their lounge in ICN as the whole airport itself is excellent. Good food good drinks and more importantly their local team is very friendly. The return flight was equally pleasant. I definitely recommend them and with no doubt they will be my airline of choice if next family visit takes me to the Sydney again. One little suggestion: we were offered a hotel on the return stopover but why in Seoul as just for the night? Aren't there hotels on the airport or in Incheon? Saves a few hours in the bus! Will look forward to flying Asiana again.
Seoul Incheon - London Heathrow 4/1/2015. The flight was delayed by almost an hour taking off and so we were late into London missed our slot and had to circle for another 20mins. The food was truly awful if it wasn't tasteless it was far too spicy. My main gripe was with the 'entertainment system'. On a 12 hr flight we had the choice of 6 films on a loop of 2hrs you would think that we would at least have had AVOD or a better choice than what we had. I only watched 2 films as nothing else appealed. I have travelled with Asiana before and was fairly satisfied but I am afraid the service is not what it was.
ORD-ICN-SGN-ICN-ORD on B777s. The ICN-ORD route is unfortunately served by moderately old planes while the SGN-ICN route is served by newer ones with relatively more legroom. Planes are clean; staff is professional (needs better English though) and the food is satisfactory. My pet peeve is about the entertainment system. The screens on the ICN-ORD are small have old formats with no English subtitles (even for non-English movies). The choices are limited though updated with recent stuff. In conclusion OZ is a tad bit better than KE but probably not exactly on par with CX and SQ who are fellow 5-star airlines. Honestly OZ needs to have something similar to CXStudios or KrisWorld better English speakers and needs some work on the Western food.
Shanghai Pudong-Incheon-San Francisco. PVG-ICN on new A330-300 spacious legroom large IFE screen cabin crew managed to serve a hot lunch for 1.5 hr flight and lots drinks. Transit at ICN airport is very fast boarding on an old B777-200 for ICN-SFO clean and still well maintained IFE outdated but with plenty of new movies seat very comfortable I picked the Korean style dinner which is the best airline food I've had! Cabin crew served drunks and snacks very regularly.
ICN-PVG Business class on an very old B767. Flight attendants were not as attentive as in long-haul flights. Hot meal was served which is not bad for the two hour flight.
LHR-ICN economy. The flight was quite empty - plenty of space to sleep. The cabin temperature was high at least by European or North American standards. Food was quite good. Staff was friendly - price was expensive but was probably related to a one way ticket.
LAX-ICN. I was looking forward to trying Asiana's new A380 First Class and it was good. I was first to board and found the hard product suite very comfortable and spacious. The video screen is huge but the content could be better. The service was exceptional. The food - not so much. Beyond the excellent caviar service the course choices were rather limited. The dessert was economy class quality and not worth eating. I had to ask what happened to the final menu course - petit fours. They brought me a couple Sees Candies. The champagne was fantastic. My only other complaint was that they did not provide an airport transit hotel room to my continuing flight to Narita in the next morning because I was on an award ticket.
This a 'nice' airline - ticks all the boxes for a comfortable experience check in staff nice on-time seat comfortable entertainment options food can be eaten inflight crew pleasant and helpful. I flew Sydney-Seoul- Sydney for business in October 2014. The planes on this route are tired and they certainly need to be upgraded to suit the standard of their other planes servicing different routes in the region. All-in-all I would say an airline worth flying with if you are in a position to use their services.
I experienced 4 great sectors with Asiana very recently: SYD-ICN ICN-LHR LHR-ICN ICN-SYD. I am reviewing them together because the standard of all flights was the same - very good. Exceptional leg room in Economy attentive and friendly service from the cabin crew clean and modern cabins and the feeling that they value you as a passenger. The entertainment screens SYD-ICN and ICN-LHR were of the 2.5 hour loop variety but that did not matter at all to me - the spaciousness of the leg room and service of the cabin crew are the things that most matter to me. And on these aspects Asiana scores brilliantly. The overnight stop provided for free in Seoul was already appreciated and well executed. I will be travelling with Asiana again.
I flew Sydney to Seoul mid September and returned last week on Asiana OZ601/602. Both flights were on an A330 which I preferred to the B777 they usually operate as it is newer. The seats were super comfortable and legroom was similar to business class on some Australian carriers. Experienced the five star service on both flights. The flight attendants worked non-stop and they were always present in the cabin. They were also very courteous and polite always kneeling to speak with passengers face to face really personalised the service. Meals were excellent on the outbound flight especially the Korean option. Western breakfast on the return flight was a little bland and the orange juice was really sour. Two main meals and plenty of snacks served on both flights. Entertainment was great and touch screens were easily usable and responded well. Overall Asiana made 10+ hours of flying thoroughly enjoyable and I will definitely fly them again.
Shanghai to Seoul - sold me on their stellar business class service. Separate jet bridge for business class on A330 made boarding a breeze. Friendly and hospitable crew immediately offered water juice or white wine during boarding process. During a 30-minute air traffic control delay the crew repeatedly apologized and offered more wine and crunchy snacks while waiting for take-off. Asiana served a full hot meal on the two-hour flight. Drink glasses were never more than half-empty. The angled seat was comfortable for a regional flight but would not have been good on a longer flight requiring sleep.
Asiana Airlines business class from Seoul to Phuket on an ageing 767-300 was not up to par. Reasonably good cabin crew service but lousy meal from Asiana's Seoul hub. Angled "lie flat" seat was terribly uncomfortable for six hour flight. Seat seemed small and had poor recline - making sleep virtually impossible. Entertainment options were satisfactory.
I had the pleasure of the new A380 flying LAX-ICN connecting to an A330 for ICN-BKK. I was upstairs in Travel Class (Economy) and would have to rate the experience as the best of all my Economy Class flights over a million miles of travel. The new design seats are plenty comfortable enough especially when the redesign generated another inch or so of legroom (via thinner back cushioning). The crew was the usual Asiana well-oiled and very attentive machine and everything went off without the slightest hitch. The in-flight entertainment is presented on a beautiful 10-inch touch screen but it could have benefited from a broader range of offerings as is found on Cathay Pacific Singapore Airlines and other competitors in the region. It is a minor complaint though given the amazing quiet and smoothness of the A380 ride. Asiana has long been a favorite carrier of mine and the most recent experience only reinforced it.
Just flew from Hong Kong to Seoul on the new 380 great plane great service. Then flew from Seoul to SFO in business class. Again great service food and wine. We will definitely fly with them again!
I had the pleasure of flying Asianas new A380 on OZ flight 201 25 Aug 14 LAX-ICN. The crew and aircraft were top notch. Very comfortable Smartium-Business class lay flat seats. I chose the Korean meal and was not disappointed. The menu even offered help as how to prepare and enjoy the meal as the locals do. The cabin crew and ground staff were very helpful smiled a lot and left no desires. Can recommend Asiana.
Not as great as the rave reviews I read before travelling. Went from LHR to SYD via ICN and then return. Quality was definitely variable. The flight attendant's command of English was not brilliant so when requesting anything other than a drink or something to eat they really struggled. Food was ok but nothing out of the ordinary - nothing served for pudding except fruit. Air con was extremely cold on the outbound flight and seats very uncomfortable. On the newer planes the legroom is superb and much more comfortable but the older planes have standard legroom. The London - Incheon routes were both overnight and it would have been helpful to know the meal service so sleeping could be planned however it seemed to be all guesswork.
July 21 2014. JFK to Incheon Korea - the service was excellent the flight attendants were non-stop with their service. The food was great - I was very impressed beverages were served every hour. Staff were very friendly and always smiled. However on August 10 2014 the service from Incheon to JFK staff did not seem very not active with their service I could not find them and drinks were not served every few hours.
Flew ORD-ICN on 777-200. The best part of Asiana are its flight attendants. They are most gracious and helpful. Near arrival they checked with me to make sure I knew how to transfer to my next non-Asiana flight. The food served was wonderful and had choices of Korean and western meals. The seat was very comfortable and spacious though only until the passenger in front of me reclined. That was only an issue for my seat mates when getting out not so much for me when sitting and watching the plentiful IFE. Would definitely fly again.
As a part of a long journey I had again the opportunity to fly Asiana Airlines Business Class on the sector IST- ICN-SYD (Flights OZ552 and OZ601 June 20-21). Both flights were on Airbus A330-300. The aircraft's were spotlessly clean in pristine condition. On board service was exceptional: satisfactory information from the cockpit (including apologies for a delayed departure from Istanbul airport due to a summer thunderstorm and the resulting heavy tarmac traffic - flight arrived almost on time) flawless cabin crew (polite smiling communicating skilled very professional) very high quality of catering (I opted for the western menu) fully satisfactory wine and spirit lists. Full breakfast was served shortly before landing thus letting me sleep a little more. Lavatories always very neat and fully stocked. Amenities of high quality (kit blanket pillow). Entertaining system of very good quality (though I used it for a short time as both flights were overnight). The only problem is with the outdated seats and the angle of recline that does not allow for bed-like feeling. Conclusively an airline you are sure that its service will leave nothing to complain.
Outward trip 3rd August 2014 OZ522. Return 8th August OZ521. A wonderful service and an uplifting experience over the long return flights from LHR to ICN. Nothing was too much trouble for the cabin crew and their friendliness and professionalism was consistently outstanding. Every effort was made to make passengers comfortable and attend to their every need. Moreover the range and quality of food offered was excellent even though I was only booked in economy class. Finally the seats were comfortable with more space than on similar airlines. The best airline I have ever flown with by some distance!
25th June OZ102. Returned 3 days later on OZ 101. The first A380 for Asiana to Tokyo! Economy class on upper deck. Very quiet cabin with generous space. The seat back is very slim and gave much more space. Recline was generous and legroom was on par with 34"+ premium economy on UA's. The backs felt a little firm though. IFE was brand new but limited selection due to short flight. Food and in-flight service is as usual polite quick efficient with warm smile. Only one bathroom for upper deck economy (100+ seats) and I had to go downstairs aft of the plane for my sanitary needs.
OZ 752 SIN-ICN: Except that they were about 30 min late everything else was perfect. The cabin crew were excellent. They were at your side within seconds of ringing for them. The special meals were as desired served well reasonably tasty. Crew came by frequently with water/ drinks. Leg space was comfortable. May be their entertainment system needs improvement but i was happy to catch a Korean movie. Definitely top class.
Business SIN-ICN-SIN on 21/25 June 2014. While SIN-ICN leg was delayed by 2 hours the return trip was pretty much on time. In both flights service was top notch. FAs continue to check on passengers every 15 mins or so even during lights out. They always seemed eager to serve which made making requests feel easier. They also took very good care of my 8-year-old taking the initiative to cover him with more blanket when he was sneezing during the overnight flight. Got to try their newer Airbus and the older version. Needless to say the newer A330 has a much improved business class seat as compared to the old one in terms of comfort and ergonomics. Wish the seats could fully recline though. The angled-flat seats were hard to sleep on. Cabins seemed really cold though (I remember Asiana planes used to be really warm). The only thing that seemed to have decreased in quality is the meals. I remember having a much better menu way back in 2011 when I first took their business class. Used to have proper cakes for desserts - in this last trip we got a pudding on the outbound and ice cream on the inbound trip.
Flew from Honolulu to Incheon to Shanghai and from Chongqing to Incheon to Honolulu. Could not ask for more in terms of comfort food and service. All staff were friendly courteous and always available. Food was exceptional. Highly recommend.
SYD-ICN-LAX. Business. Both legs the service was excellent with beautiful meal and overall experience. SYD 777 on old angled lie flat which in the end I preferred as was more spacious and could sleep on side quite comfortably. ICN leg on new smartum business suite which felt contained and tight. The flat bed is good and slept well but did not like the coffin feel. Overall the only lie flat was superior flight experience. I would fly either again as OZ inflight service is the best.
I flew SEA-ICN-HAN and SGN-ICN-SEA in March 2014 and OZ was first rate as usual. This airline must have some of the best training for both cabin crews and ground personnel - they never seem to say "no" to me. Asiana's flights don't seem to be as crowded as some international carriers and I keep returning to Asiana because of these comforts and the food is very good. I do agree that entertainment systems do need an upgrade but the newer planes are fine. Please Asiana keep the 34" economy spacing on all of your planes.
ICN to CDG. In short a five-star service with antique IFE. From the greetings to food presentation and disembarking the way I was treated was superb. However this 777 with personal TVs need some serious update as there were a few channels of movies and short features on 2-hour loop. It was acceptable in the 20th century. The almost perfect score is because of this.
Our flight from Seoul to LAX on a 747 in First was a terrific flight. Older first seats were very comfortable far better than the old business class seats and the service and food were delightful. Our FA was ever so kind and always available. It's so refreshing to experience genuine kindness the flight attendant make the bed and even tucked me in! This is how first class traveling should be.
Good service but prehistoric entertainment system. I flew from Bangkok to Seoul on a 777-200 in business with the very nice seat configuration 1-2-1 and back in another 777-200 but alas with a 2-3-2 configuration. In any case service was good flight attendants very attentive meal excellent with very good steaks not something you find on all airlines and a reasonable choice of wines. Champagne was served before take-off but aperitifs were not offered. Amenities for a night flight were reduced to the bare minimum but the worst was the pre-historic entertainment system: it is a VOD but the choice is absolutely minimal a shame for such a good airline and I wonder how they could be the airline of the year with such in-flight entertainment. In Bangkok we could enjoy the nice Thai Business Lounge whereas in Seoul the Asiana Lounge was offered with excellent seating very good internet connections but an appallingly poor selection of food and drinks.
LHR-ICN-FRA two times 777 outbound and 747 inbound. Very pleasant experience staff always on their feet to make sure you are taken care of excellent food and great wine. Comfortable seats in both aircraft's supports a good nights sleep. 747 a bit outdated but spotlessly clean. Only negative point may be the IFE not fully responsive and could use some updating on contents but still acceptable.
First Class from FRA to ICN. Older 747 Combi so no private suites but still very comfortable first class seats and decent IFE screens. Service was sublime and food mostly very satisfying. 10 hours passed very quickly indeed.
SYD-LHR return via ICN. This airlines 5 star status was reflected in all sectors the cabin crew were excellent. The food Western and Korean was delicious and delivered in a timely and unhurried manner. The price paid for the ticket represented excellent value for money there was also the bonus of arriving in LHR around 6pm at which time immigration and customs are a breeze.
ICN-TPE-ICN-SGN-ICN mixed leg flights in 2 versions of A330's and an A321. Old A330 had comfortable seats with thick padding. However the thick padding ate up the space and it felt more cramped compared to the new version. The new A330 had slim seats in same pitch but thanks to the slim back it had a couple more inches. Much more spacious! Also its 10.6" screen was easy to see and had touch screen feature. A321 also had touch screen IFE with slim seats and was very spacious. Service was polite and fast as usual and all meals were very good. A few gripes I saw was the crew's limited English skills and somewhat expensive fare. As far as short to medium haul economy class product Asiana is tough to beat.
Chicago to Incheon South Korea. Flight OZ235 Jan 3 departing noon 12pm. 10/10 stars. This was an international flight inflight entertainment had a sizeable selection of movies including recently released movies. Flight attendant service was prompt polite and smiled. The food (a more subjective less quantifiable opinion) was quite good and enough to keep me from getting hungry until I arrived at my place of living after leaving the plane and the airport. If I have the opportunity to fly Asiana Airlines again I will.
Mixed bag of flights - ORD-ICN-PNH then REP-ICN-ORD. Flight from Chicago to Seoul was on a newer 777 quite comfortable seats food actually decent the AVOD was easy to use and good the service very very good. Seoul to Phnom Penh was on an old crowed tight Airbus not much to brag about there. Then Siem Reap to Seoul same ageing Airbus again crowded and very hot thank goodness I had a T-shirt on under my shirt along with zip-off pants. I mentioned the heat to the stewardess at one pint and a minor change was made but still overly hot in the cabin. The return flight to Chicago was on the older 777 AVOD system was difficult to use and a problem mid-flight caused them to shut it down and start over. Seats were a bit uncomfortable and worn. Food on this segment was ghastly - the main meal was truly inedible (western/some unidentifiable beef that one bite told me was bad then in the middle of the night they turned on the lights and served a piece of what was supposed to pass for pizza. Very strange. The attendants were very efficient though as I saw mentioned somewhere a bit robotic.
Flying OZ221 following by OZ741 from JFK to BKK via ICN and 742/222 on the way back in Business class both way. I can say that Asiana had met or exceed my expectation for all the flights during my trip. Especially for the long hual from JFK to ICN (222/221) I had the 180 flat bed (new 1-2-1 configuration ) and great food (surprisingly I can get good medium steak on the airplane). In-flight staffs are very responsive and feel warm welcome. The downside is the ICN-BKK section is on the older plane without AVOD system. I would defiantly fly with them again in the future.
LHR-SYD via ICN and return. 777-200 on all legs. A bit of a mixed bag really. Firstly their English language website seems clunky and I was unable to select a seat in advance as the system didn't recognise my check-in code. Although the cabin was blandly coloured and fairly dated the seats had plenty of leg room though and you don't feel cramped - the 3-3-3 layout really makes a difference as opposed to the more packed layout of newer 777s. The food was varied and generally good with interesting Korean dishes on offer for those in the mood to experiment though I opted for the Western option for all but one of the meals - probably more down to personal taste. The cabin crew were very friendly and attentive if a bit robotic. IFE was much better on the ICN-LHR legs as these aircraft had AVOD Sydney legs had an older system with programmes stating every 2.5 hours which was frustrating. Overall a good selection of films but much smaller than EK. Transfer facilities at ICN were excellent free showers and plenty of comfy armchairs/recliners tucked away from the busy concourse to lie down on. The stopover Hotel in Seoul on the return journey the Seoul Royal was excellent with the restaurant service being the quickest I've experienced. Overall a few quibbles but significantly cheaper than the ME/SE Asian carriers and BA/QF and it gets you there well fed and in relative comfort which is after all the main thing.
OZ762 CGK-ICN 23 Dec 2013. Flew on an ageing A333 which still had Asiana's old interior the IFE at my seat wasn't working properly and the screen was fuzzy. Food choices were great - had the Korean breakfast choice which was chicken porridge very tasty. The seats were old and tired but well maintained and the cabin was dim and dark but clean. Strangely the FAs I interacted with during the flight seemed to speak very limited English - very smiley and helpful nonetheless. A decent experience but honestly I expected more from a Five Star Airline.
OZ761 ICN-CGK 30 Dec 2013. On my trip back I was lucky enough to be flying on one of their retrofitted A333s - new cabin interior bigger screens more extensive and responsive IFE. The FAs were attentive and friendly and the food was great. The food cart ran out of choices by the time it reached my area so I had the Korean choice - bibimbap which was decent. The boarding process was smooth and seamless. A great flight overall.
The flight was on-time and the boarding process was relatively simple and hassle-free from SFO-ICN. Aircraft was an 777. Flight was overall good but I didn't feel comfortable for the whole 14 hours. The food was bland but edible. The seats felt stiff and it was hard to wiggle around. I did enjoy my window seat however. The transit process at ICN was long and slow! Aircraft was an Airbus but it seemed more comfortable. ICN-DEL. A few passengers had a mix up with their seats and the flight attendants handled the situation very well. I could not complain about their service. They served the same meal on the two different planes. Flying over 20 hours I expected minimal comfort but I honestly did not feel it on Asiana airlines.
Travelled Sydney to Seoul late November and returned earlier this month. Fares were cheapest out of the major carriers but felt I got more for my money. Food on both flights were tasty and a good variety of beverages were also available including Korean rice wine for economy class! Comfortable flights thanks to excellent seats that had good recline for sleeping. Service was outstanding by the hardworking crew and they were very friendly and hospitable.
San Francisco to Seoul Korea to Phuket Thailand. Then: Phuket to Seoul to San Francisco. When I called customer services they went above and beyond to make sure all my questions were answered. Onboard flight attendants were helpful quick to respond the food was pretty good and the inflight entertainment had lots of current movies to choose from. Travelling on a transatlantic flight is miserable but Asiana made it as comfortable as possible. We missed our flight home from Phuket by 12 hours (it was my fault) and Asiana moved us to the next flight that evening for free. I recommend Asiana to anyone looking at a long distance flight.
Returned to Los Angeles from Seoul on the weekend after Thanksgiving. Wait time to check in and board was minimal. Business lounge was nicely refurbished and expanded since the last time I visited in April. I was greeted personally once on board by one of the cabin crew which I thought was a nice touch. Food was decent for coach and drink runs were abundant. The cons to the flight was that the 772 used to fly this route is seriously starting to show its age. AVOD carried a wide enough selection of films but was not the most state of the art touch screen ones you find on newer planes. Baggage was already on the carousel by the time I cleared immigration but it didn't mean much as I was met by a colossal line to clear customs due to the poor facilities at LA airport. Overall this airline is a good airline that provides bang for your buck although they do start to get monotonous when you fly with them for a while.
Truly a 5 star airline. The staff on board were so professional and attentive. I had the best filet mignon ever at 40000ft. The champagne and wine are so well chosen. We flew from LAX to ICN and then ICN to SGN. Both flights were fantastic. Great cabin crew and looking forward to fling them again.
BKK-ORD. Overall we were pleased. The crew is very professional acknowledged my wife's special meal request nearly as soon as we got seated and the IFE was fine as well. I would definitely fly them again.
A round trip between HKG and ICN and also my first experience with Asiana. Flight OZ746 on B747-400 bound for ICN departed on-time food and beverages served shortly after take-off. My choice was "Beef Noodles" and the taste was not good. However bread salad and dessert were good. Cabin crews smiled at all times and were very nice. We knew where to claim luggage through the inflight entertainment system after landing at ICN. The return flight was OZ745 on B747-400 a 15-minute delay on departure and "welcome drink" was served to us. Again food and beverages served shortly after take-off. This time I chose "Chicken Pasta" taste was delicious! Cabin crews on this flight also very nice and smiled at all times. If I go to Korea next time I will choose Asiana without any doubt!
SYD-INC-LHR return. Very attentive staff and service was excellent. Seating on Sydney to Incheon flight was not super comfortable as I kept slipping down in the recline position. Probably fine for a smaller and shorter passenger. I really appreciated the cabin kept in darkness and I did get some sleep on all legs. On one of the legs the cabin staff appeared a bit muddled and the meal service was slow and fragmented. A couple of particularly demanding passengers did not help the staff holding up the serving of meals to immediately attend to their needs. They should have been asked to wait a couple of minutes. Generally a great airline and would use Asiana again.
Seoul to Paris round trip. Both legs on B777-200 with 2-class configuration. Not a single empty seat on both flights yet the in-flight service was flawless. Very tasty meals were served in time and never rushed. Seats were wide and pitch was excellent. Recline was surprisingly generous but we were asked to seat upright at meal times. The biggest letdown was the lack of on-demand IFE; some 10+ channels of movies and short features on continuous loop. Quiet cabin and comfortable seats made me sleep good part of the journey and the service was never intrusive yet very effective. Just do something about the antique IFE!
I flew Seoul Gimpo to Shanghai Hongqiao return. The first flight arrived well ahead of schedule and the second was about 5 minutes late due to air traffic congestion in Shanghai. The service was very friendly and professional. There was no choice of meals but the food they served was very nice. The seat was comfortable with lots of leg room and the entertainment was really good. I can't think of any significant fault with this service. The ticket price was only about $20 more than China Eastern and the service was much better.
ICN-LHR. What a contrast to my outward flight! Champagne on boarding frequent water runs during lunch. Drinks and food runs during the darkened flight. QS meant comfortable sleep but on a different configuration of a/c with better IFE. Good food (ssambap for my lunch and a very nice hot croissant sandwich midway through flight) . Early arrival in LHR despite circling and then overflying to come in from west and luggage was on carousel as I arrived. Excellent flight.
ICN-SYD Sydney to Seoul daytime flight. Lunch was served immediately and then cabin was plunged into darkness which I found odd and disappointing for a daytime flight - if the sun is shining outside I'd like to see it. BC cabin is very open and spacious and the service is attentive and outstanding - they couldn't have been more friendlier or helpful. The seats whilst very comfortable only laid back about 80% flat and were pretty uncomfortable. In-flight entertainment was poor with a very limited set of movies and no on-demand facility - they start the movies every 2 hours and if you miss the start then it's bad luck. This is very 1990's and in quick need of an overhaul. Cabin temperature was too high for comfortable sleep even after asking them to turn it down.. Overall for the money we paid we were happy. Asiana BC is around $2000 cheaper than the other big brands so we made big savings given there were 4 of us but you do get what you pay for. Others offer lie-flat bed s and a massive selection of AVOD.
OZ107/OZ541 - 11 Sep NRT-ICN-FRA. Both flights departed on time. The cabins had been well maintained and as usual the Asiana staff on the ground and on board were impeccably groomed and gracious. A late brunch style meal was offered to ICN and it was ample and very well prepared. The crew could not have been more professional. Ex ICN we were seated in the upper deck. I was pleasantly surprised to find the overhead bin large enough for my hand carry (no checked luggage). While the seat is the older type it was comfortable and fully functioning. The on board service was the usual "5 star" Asiana product. I can't speak highly enough of the calibre of the OZ crews. We arrived on time and well fed and rested.
LHR-ICN on QS Boeing 777. An aisle side single seat was comfortable with good sleep. First time I've had an amenity kit on way to ICN. The duvet and under quilt made bed good. Several children in C but in fact they were good. Food very acceptable - now a third western option is there - previously just 2. However despite a not-full cabin service was not excellent and my water glass for dinner did not get topped up. I noticed no champagne on boarding only water or orange  no bottle of water for the night and I had to ask for water refills for the pre- landing snack. No juice offered then. All OK but the 5 stars seem to be slipping away.
ICN-KIX-ICN. Short flights but excellent service with professional crew. Food served was okay not wonderful but for short flight - no big expectations. Easy boarding at Incheon and return from Osaka. I was most impressed with seat space. With this amount of comfortable space I could imagine a long haul flight would be very comfortable. Our flights were on 747-400 outbound and return on 777-200L and both had same generous pitch of seats. Impressive.
HIJ-SEL-HIJ. Travel Class using ANA mileage reward (so not possible to check-in online and choose seats in advance - infuriating). Check-in line at HIJ very long (25 minutes) immigration similar. Outward flight okay but 'turbulence' throughout meant seatbelt signs were virtually never switched off. Return journey originally scheduled for 18.40 're-timed' to 19.00 (no reason given) departed 19.05. Check-in at SEL efficient but long queue although moved quickly (10 minutes). Stale sandwiches served and again seatbelt light on for almost all of journey despite virtually no turbulence. Wait for luggage at HIJ excessive. Not sure why this airline is five star.
I flew LHR-ICN-LHR (OZ522/OZ521) in March on their B777 with the new business class. It was my first time with Asiana and knowing they are a 5 star airline it created a lot of expectations! Check-in was efficient and I was seen in less than 10 minutes. Their lounge in LHR is the Star one so nothing impressive. The best part is obviously on board. Their service is just perfect. The crew is extremely attentive and as opposed to other airlines you can definitely see them around during the night. Food and drinks also impeccable. Their lounge in ICN as the whole airport itself is amazing. Good food good drinks and more importantly their local team is very friendly. The return flight was equally pleasant. I definitely recommend them and with no doubt they will be my airline of choice if business or leisure takes me to South Korea again.
SYD-ICH on 5/9/2013 and it was a pleasant surprise! The aircraft changed from the old dreadful non-AVOD B777 to a new A333 which had all the latest seats. The TV screen was very large and also a touch screen! However I realised that some flight attendants were not in a good mood (no smiles didn't seem to bother much). Overall it was a pleasant flight as I managed to sleep most of the time.
Business Class for the first time and was very happy. The standard of service on all our flights was without fault. We travelled Sydney to Seoul and Seoul to Frankfurt and return. The cabin crew were excellent - nothing was too much trouble. The five course meals that were served were of restaurant standard and beautifully presented. The beds while not quite lie flat were very comfortable and I managed a good sleep on all flights. Will look forward to flying Asiana again next year.
Two short haul flights NRT-ICN on A330 and ICN-PEK on A321 during June 2013 - both in business class. My first experience with this airline and I hope to fly them again. Great cabin crew excellent service and catering. Flight deck crew were excellent. I am giving them a nine because they downgraded a 744 to an A330.
Two short-haul flights ICN-NRT return in Economy a pleasant change from the dreaded ICN-SYD flights (9 in the last 18 months) in Business. Not much seat pitch but otherwise the seats were up to expectations (not as good as the best such as Singapore) and the service efficient and charming. I would do this again but never to Sydney (or the other sectors with those angled seats) in Business again. How is it that a 2 hour flight has AVOD and an 11 hour flight does not?
I flew in economy not too long ago from London Heathrow to Seoul Incheon airport. I found the crew very pro-active and they always had a smile on their face which was nice to see. The seat however could of been comfier but I was still satisfied. There was plenty of entertainment on the personal television. The meals were delicious and I enjoyed my time with Asiana airlines.
Round-trip from SYD-ICN-JFK in travel class with Asiana were the best flights I've flown on. The outstanding service frequent distribution of food/drinks touch screen IFE were all fantastic but most importantly the flights were very comfortable and the seats were simply superb. It reclined without limiting personal space and legroom was so good it could easily have been business class. This carrier sets the benchmark and I will definitely fly them again in future.
LAX-ICN-BKK return in Business. I was overall very impressed with this airline. Check in at LAX BKK and arrivals staff on return were all very nice and managed to check my bag all the way to DEN avoiding the annoying US charge for bags. On board service was quite good and staff really went out of their way to look after passengers. Meals were 5 course multi options which were of high quality though "Bibimbap" was offered on all 4 sectors- im sure they could come up with something else from Korean cuisine! Wines/liquers of high quality. All flights on time except for delayed departure at ICN due to traffic. Only negative is no fully flat bed in business class and most others have this on routes to Korea. This airline puts US carriers to shame- not even close.
Pleasantly surprised when we recently flew from Osaka-Seoul and then on from Seoul-Hong Kong. Economy class seats are comparable to business class seats in other airlines like United and COPA that we frequently use. The economy class seat at Asiana reclines in two ways: it reclines the seat back but it also pulls forward the seat. Also and of outmost importance the distance between rows in economy seats are also comparable to the business class space in the other airlines mentioned before. Another surprise was the food onboard and the service both outstanding! Too bad they only flight to/from Asia and don't have flights within America or to Europe (from America). Best airline I have ever had the pleasure to fly.
Sydney to London return in mid-late July. All four legs on a B777 and cabins were spotlessly clean from start to finish. Entertainment was very good especially on the Seoul/London routes - nice and big in a touch screen format with lots of movies music games etc but the Sydney/Seoul route entertainment needs to upgrade. Food was excellent. Mainly had the Western option but Korean was also delicious and portions were large. Seats were the best I've flown in with excellent legroom pitch and recline. It was just so easy to get comfortable. I've never encountered such polite cheerful and hardworking staff in my 15 years of flying. The air hostesses and ground staff were flawlessly groomed and provided the most outstanding customer focused service. Every aspect about the flights was perfect hence the reason why I'm giving a perfect rating.
JFK To Vietnam and back from Cambodia through Seoul. 4 flights in total. Throughout all flights staff professional and smiling bathrooms well stocked and clean lots of entertainment although I had trouble with the remote. I don't like the headsets they are too big food acceptable if you order the right thing about as comfortable as economy can be with a 19 hour flight.
First time flying with Asiana at business class level. Have heard a lot of good things about them and were not disappointed with my 4 sectors of flights from Hong Kong to Tokyo via Seoul. I have experienced 3 different types of Business class seats from the standard angle lie flat to the newest Smartium flat bed. All were excellent. Food choice was great plenty to drink and cabin crew offered wonderful service. I also enjoyed the AVOD with noise canceling headphones provided. This is an airline truly worthy of its 5 star status.
ICN-SIN round trip in economy. A330-300 on both legs. Although the planes were relatively new with all the gadgets they were showing some signs of wear and tear as seat upholstery was loose and carpet had some stains. Otherwise it was kept very clean. The seats were well padded but the seat back in front crowded into me somewhat. Legroom was okay. Food and service are the ones that this carrier shines the most. Pre-meal service included hot towels and drinks. The meals had generous portion and both Western and Korean meals were very tasty. Meals were delivered and taken away swiftly without being rushed. Drinks were served periodically and any requests were answered within seconds. IFE was on-demand but had limited selection. TV screens were small (6.5") and did not feature touch screen control. For its consistent high quality in-flight service and meals I would highly recommend this airline.
Chose Asiana for a business trip a fortnight ago from Seoul Incheon to Hong Kong and the experience was exceptional. Separate business check in was professional and efficient. Lounge staff notified me of my flight and guided me to the gates where business class passengers were given priority boarding. The aircraft was the newer Boeing 777 with flat bed seats. The 1-2-1 layout was very convenient and seats were perfectly designed to sit and sleep comfortably. Meals were exceptional especially with the extensive high end wine selections. Excellent AVOD with quality noise cancelling headphones. Crew were a standout and the service was excellent. As a regular business traveller I know what level of service to expect and Asiana no doubt went beyond my expectations and to date the best I've experienced.
I and my wife flew from Seattle to Seoul and Seoul to Manila. The airplanes were very nice - A330 B747-400 and B767. Seats were comfortable even in economy. The cabin service was far superior to any US airline. The food was excellent. Flight attendants polite fast and professional. Nothing to complain about with this airline at all. If I ever fly to Asia again Asiana would be my first choice.
Sydney to Chicago (one stop in Seoul) with my wife on Asiana Airlines in business class. We found the check in staff lounge staff and cabin crew to be in a completely different league to other airlines. The professional and respectful service is so consistent across the board. Seats were excellent (more so on the Quadra Smartium to Chicago) fine dining was impeccable inflight entertainment abundant and service was the best we've experienced. An excellent premium class service and flights exceeded our five star expectations.
I flew from Sydney to Seoul on a Boeing 777-200 on 9 June 2013. Check in was very easy and staff were very professional. The aircraft was very clean staff very attentive the Korean food options excellent the seats the most comfortable I have experienced on any airline in economy. The only thing letting this flight down was the ancient seat back entertainment system. Please for a 10 hour plus flight give Australian customers the same privileges that Americans who fly long haul with Asiana appear to enjoy an entertainment system worthy of 2013 and not the 1990's.
Seoul - Frankfurt: Excellent service as always. Really large entertainment program very clean and the crew members speak English very well. I'm 194 cm tall and unfortunately only had a normal seat (not at the emergency exit) but still much better than any other airline I know. The provided toothbrushes are also helpful.
SYD-ICN-LAX round-trip from 24th June and returned 8th July. Really outstanding staff in all three countries I travelled through whether it be during check in or onboard the flights and felt they truly value their customers. Planes were modern and seats were fantastic on both the 777 and 747. Meals served were excellent especially the Korean option and they even offered some premium red and white wines. Coffee and tea services frequent throughout the flights alongside other refreshments. IFE had impressive big monitors and quality was great. Everything about the flights was flawless and I arrived back in Sydney not the slightest bit tired. Highly recommend this airline and will most certainly fly in future.
First time flying a long haul flight with Asiana Airlines from Heathrow to Incheon South Korea and return 26th Friday April to 15th May 2013 to attend my son's wedding. Excellent service from both airport staff and crew of the airline especially hostesses could not have done any more for us nothing was too much trouble very polite and gracious. Would most definitely fly Asiana Airlines.
Incheon to London Heathrow last month and it was by far the most comfortable and best international flight I've had. Having always flown my national carrier the standard of service on Asiana is light years ahead of everyone else. Check in staff at Incheon and Heathrow were incredibly welcoming and efficient with hardly a queue despite arriving at peak time. Onboard the seats were very spacious with plenty of legroom and good padding made for some restful sleep. They feed you really well. Two excellent main meals with frequent provision of snacks and a variety of beverages in between. Entertainment system was very modern with large touch screens and lots of options were up to date. Plenty to last the flights but would have liked it more extensive. Clear highlight were the cabin crew who were cheerful and accommodating. If they weren't serving food they walked the cabins even during sleeping hours and often came around with refreshments for those still awake. Exceptional and meticulous service with equally excellent hardware and I will fly with them again with no reservation.
Hong Kong to San Francisco via Seoul. First flight from Hong Kong to Seoul was operated by an old A330 equipped with old personal TV the remote control was not sensitive at all and the TV system was not working! The food and beverages are average. Services from flight attendants was good. Connecting Time - 11 hrs. Second flight from Seoul to San Francisco was operated by an 777-200LR I expected to have a newer AVOD system on such a long haul flight but it was an old personal TV system again. Equipped with mainly Korean and little Chinese and Hollywood movies choices I gave up. I hope Asiana will upgrade their in-flight entertainment system at a quicker pace. I was served traditional Korean cuisine which was delicious not enough hot beverages choices. Flight attendants were polite and responsive though some were are a bit poor in English and could only understand simple English phrases. Some components of the seat are really old and loose.
Seoul (Gimpo) to Kansai business class on A321. A short flight perfectly done from check in to lounge to a quick but full onboard service. Once again this carrier puts all US carriers to shame on a service level. Professional comfortable and courteous 3 things sadly missing in the US airline industry and alive and well in Asia.
Flight between SEA and ICN on June 14th. Excellent service by the flight crew. Flight attendants in Business Class were very helpful. The seats were the older style of Business Class but were comfortable enough. Wish they reclined back all the way but it was close enough. There was a good selection of movies. The meals were great. A selection between Korean and Western. Five courses with good beer and wines. But I will stress again that the service given by the flight attendants you won't find on any other airlines.
Sydney to Seoul in business class on B777-200ER. Ground staff and flight crew provided some of the most exceptional service I have experienced during my travels. Seats on this aircraft were the older version angled flat seats. Sitting was very comfortable and being a daytime flight I didn't sleep much though sleeping comfort was alright. Catering was high class with a wide range of quality food and wine in many courses. IFE had plenty of updated movies for a 10 hour flight but wasn't extensive. Upon reaching Seoul crew distributed Ferragamo gifts as a sign of gratitude. It was an excellent five star business class experience and would definitely recommend it.
Seoul to Okinawa on an A321 in economy class. The small aircraft was fully equipped with touch screens for entertainment and variety of movie options. A full meal service was provided for such a short flight and quality was excellent. A small selection of good wines were also offered in economy. Crew were very professional and served food and cleared up efficiently with no rush even for a short two hour flight all with a smile. Having flown Asiana from Sydney both their long haul and short haul products are noticeably excellent and service is very consistent.
Holiday of a lifetime to Britain from Australia which I planned for twelve months. Flights on time planes spotless but tired looking. AVOD shocking. Flight crew fantastic nothing too much trouble poor command of English. Meals ok if you like Asian food. Leg room in Economy the best I have ever had. While on holiday in the UK my wife fell and broke her arm she is in her late seventies. I pleaded with Asiana Airlines to change my wife's seating to the rear 2 seats or the bulkhead seats on the 777. They were not interested.
I am a frequent traveller and can honestly say that my return Asiana flight LHR - Incheon was one of the best I have experienced. The cabin crew were wonderfully pleasant (despite language limitations) and incredibly hard working nothing appeared to be too much trouble for them and they genuinely gave the impression that the passengers' comfort was their priority. I wouldn't hesitate to fly with Asiana again.
Cebu-Seoul. They used a small plane A321. Everything was definitely 5-star but the "entertainment" on board or the lack there of. Well to be fair the flight was at 1 in the morning but still there are a number of people who just can't sleep especially if it's only a 4 hour flight and Korean Air always has IFE's on the same journey. Overall really good though Very helpful ground staff and air staff.
Flight from LAX to Seoul Incheon on 7th May. LAX star alliance lounge spacious and lounge cuisine not extensive but high quality. Asiana ground staff professional and very polite with their welcoming and during my escort to the boarding gates. Once onboard each of the attendants approached me to introduce themselves. Pre-flight beverages and snacks given without me having to ask followed by luxurious pyjamas and a Bvlgari amenity set. Cabin very clean and fresh. Toilets also kept pristine decorated nicely with a rose and toiletries facial creams and eau de toilette available. Scented hot towels given before meals and menus were very extensive in 5 courses. Food presentation and taste were impeccable (entrees aside which were largely forgettable). Alcohol options excellent with a variety of fine wines. Noise cancelling headphones given for AVOD and screens clear and wide. Seats were excellent and attendant turned off my reading lamp and placed a blanket when she noticed me doze off. Service on this airline is unrivalled and sets the standards.
Round-trip FRA-ICN in the first days of May both times with Boeing 747-400 Mixed Conf. planes. Cabin crew were very kind and professional. Food was excellent. My only complaint would be that AVOD was a little old model and you needed to press it very hard otherwise it missed repeatedly your touches. Though the large selection of up- to-date movies could compensate this. Altogether I gathered the best long haul flight experiences and will definitely fly Asiana Airlines again.
The flight was on time. B767 is an old aircraft but maintained very well. Served seafood with rice. Very delicious. Many kinds of drinks. Aloe juice was very special. Cabin was clean. Seat was comfortable. Cabin crew were helpful and friendly. At the ICN airport ground staff were very hardworking. Check-in staff were efficient.
ICN-ORD in first class suites. After an excellent business flight from Sydney to Seoul I had high expectations for their first class product. Suites were very comparable to Etihad First Suites (probably not as luxurious though the design is very clever and perhaps better). Various functions of the seat made the flight some of the most comfortable I've experienced. AVOD was excellent and 32 inches made a significant difference in viewing. Seats very comfortable especially when sleeping. Crew made beds with duck down duvets and comfortable pyjamas also given. Meals were terrific and was washed down by top tier alcoholic beverages. Charming service from crew as expected and purser provided personal farewells at the end of the flight with gifts.
Code share flight with Qantas from Sydney to Seoul operated by Asiana. Used joint Air New Zealand lounge in Sydney very good though Asiana Business lounge in Incheon seemed superior with more modern facilities. Flights were very comfortable even though I had anticipated their new seats for a 10 hour flight the angled- flat seats were actually just as comfortable for sitting and sleeping. Meals served in courses and tasted very good and presented well. Nice screens for entertainment and many new movies available though not extensively. Service was of a high standard and some nice amenities also provided. Pleasing flights and will look into flying them again.
My husband and I flew in economy from Sydney to London beginning of April and returned last week. We normally don't enjoy flying however our experience with Asiana Airlines was flawless and very comfortable. The seats were the most comfortable we have flown in and my husband who always suffers leg problems when flying had no issues at all both ways. The flight attendants really set the standards in their service and were top of their game throughout the flights. Even at the airport I had left my medications box on the plane but they still managed to find me and return it. TVs attached to every seat were very tech savvy and could be controlled by touching the screens. One stopover at Seoul and Asiana put us up at a luxury hotel for a night. We highly recommend Asiana and will certainly choose to fly again.
Roundtrip MNL-ICN-LAX. Check-in was smooth and ground personnel were pleasant. Cabin crew were also pleasant attentive to passengers. Good food and drinks with many drink options too. Very comfortable seating for Travel Class. Downside is the AVOD - outdated and I find the screen a bit small. It was my first time flying Asiana and will not hesitate in taking them next time.
Business class from SFO-ICN one way and an overall impressive offering. Flew on their fairly recent Smartium seats and slept for 8 hours straight. Very comfortable seats that are padded nicely and adjustable to a flat 180 degrees. Ample storage space and a multi-adapter power point also available. Amenity packs with unisex L'Occitane products were given as well. Wide seat back screens with large range of movies on demand and noise canceling headphones improved sound quality. Dining was superb and plentiful with an excellent variety of alcoholic beverages. Service from crew was an exemplar of exceptional business class service. Efficient transfers in Seoul and a ground staff waited at the gates to escort me to a tight connecting flight on another airline. Excellent service on the ground and onboard.
Return trip from SYD-ICN-CDG all four legs on 777-200. Impeccable service on every flight excellent food - chose Korean but Western also looked good. IFE had fantastic touch screens and AVOD though not on the Sydney to Seoul sector. I travel frequently with Asiana on different routes and their Sydney to Seoul flights are the only long haul flights that still have small screens and no AVOD. Would be good to update like on other routes. Complimentary hotel at the Seoul Hyatt provided with meals included. Looking forward to future flights.
New York to Sydney (connection in Seoul) in economy last week. Checking in a breeze. Once at the airport I was assigned the seat and there were hardly any queues albeit full flight. Check-in staff were very friendly at JFK and ICN and got the job done efficiently. Boarding was also organized with lots of staff at hand. Very clean cabins and seats nicely upholstered and well maintained. Excellent legroom and good seat pitch (34 inches) meant seats didn't recline into your face. Comfortable slippers provided which were convenient to walk around in. Lots of inflight magazines available and an extensive range of duty free shopping at very reasonable prices. Lavatories serviced regularly and stocked well with toiletries and expensive creams. Extensive films with many recent films on demand. Staff service was thorough and genuine. Rarely had to press the call button as they were present walking the aisles checking on passengers even during sleep time. Meals were a standout also very generous and serving/clearing up was efficient. Arrivals ahead of schedule and disembarked feeling refreshed even after two consecutive overnight flights.
My partner and I flew SYD-LHR return via ICN at the end of March. The flights from SYD-ICN and return were a bit disappointing compared with the INC-LHR flights. Being 9.5hrs long I would expect a quality entertainment system but instead we had a selection of 5 English language films (2 were children's) which played on a loop which were unable to pause when announcements were made by crew so they would speak over the top missing parts of the film. The ICN-LHR flights were excellent and the entertainment system was more modern and had a much better selection of films and TV which you could actually control. Staff on all Asiana flights were polite and helpful better than I have experienced on any other airline. Food was OK but could have improvement it was all pretty similar - the variety of dishes was very limited.
Travelled the Red eye from ICN-HKG-ICN. Check in and boarding was efficient and ground staff very polite. I have flown many carriers in the past but nothing comes close to the customer service on Asiana. Crew were extremely attentive and always smiled when attending. Flight was full but was able to comfortably stretch my legs out. Sleeping comfort also really good as seats are wide and soft with good recline. Food was excellent and nice wines were offered to coach pax. Snacks and drinks served in regular intervals. Entertainment was AVOD and monitors were very big touch screens. Plenty of movies to watch for the duration of the flights. Travelling red eye flights can be very tiring especially in economy however Asiana did a terrific job making the journey comfortable and painless. Would definitely fly again.
SYD-ICN (777) ICN-FRA (747) Chose OZ over direct flights to Frankfurt to try the carrier and I wasn't disappointed. Flew in economy and service was comparable to J class on some airlines. Entertainment was modern food great and seating/sleeping comfort was excellent. Arrivals and departures were on time despite snowy forecast. Would fly again.
Third time traveling the San Francisco-Seoul route on Asiana and beginning to grow weary of the monotonous service quality that is being offered onboard. In the past 3 years I have travelled this route the in-flight meal has yet to be changed even once with the same old bibbimbap and western steak option and I am fed up with it. I recognise that the airline is attempting to remain consistent in the service that won over customers to begin with but too much routine feels a lot like stagnation. The staff have also lost a lot of their flair due to the absence of personal warmth and attentiveness that was once experienced and replaced with a robotic and mechanistic service. Overall Asiana got the job done well enough.
Used Asiana Club points for a trip from Sydney to London return in business. Daytime flight from Sydney to Seoul then another daytime flight the following day to London. Overnight hotel provided at the Hyatt Regency was excellent. Return flights were faster though less appealing with 2 overnight flights with a good connection in Seoul. Check-in process on all legs were efficient and check-in staff very friendly and welcoming. Lounge in Incheon was an elegant space with good hot and cold food. First and last legs were in the older 777 models and I found the angled seat very comfortable with sufficient width and space. Very comfortable flat seats and offered plenty of room and storage space. On all legs meals were served up beautifully. Impressed by their selection of quality champagne wines and whisky. On top of main meals snacks were served. IFE was much better on the newer aircraft with plenty more movies and even wider screens. Amenity kit contained branded products and extra amenities such as combs toothbrushes cologne and facial sprays were available as needed in the lavatories. Outstanding service from the crew and both hard and soft products are among the best.
ICN-OKA on brand new A321-200. This single-aisle plane with new slim economy seat and 9" AVOD touch screen was top notch and very comfortable. A full hot meal on 2-hour flight. IFE many not be necessary for such a short flight but its short program kept me entertained. Award-winning cabin crew had warm smile as usual.
LAX - Seoul 747. Check in quick and efficient. Plane boarding became a bit manic - 34 inch pitch makes a big difference in comfort and access. IFE touch screen - big selection of movies etc. Food good - Western meal steak. Flight attendants are what makes Asiana so good - nothing is too much trouble.
Travelled 4 legs from Sydney to New York (via Incheon) return. Ground staff and cabin crew provided the same consistent service on every flight. Food was excellent and drinks were frequently provided throughout flights. Ample supply of amenities stocked in the lavatories and toilets kept very clean. If I was to have one complaint it would be the IFE from Sydney to Seoul. Bit outdated and not as good as the huge screens they provided on the US route. An otherwise flawless journey and will definitely recommend.
Flew from Incheon to Seattle and back. First leg on A330 and seats were comfortable despite the angle and width was good. Space and legroom was excellent as expected in business. Return to Incheon was on the latest B777 with the fantastic flat seats and you can sit by yourself along the windows. On both legs crew service and fine dining were a standout and ground crew at Incheon also very friendly. An excellent experience.
Return flight to Sydney on an updated 777 and it was a great travel experience. Departing Seoul was a little late but given a call day before departure and were well informed by the airline. Check in very efficient and ground staff welcoming. Onboard service was excellent and the crew were incredibly accommodating. Dinner and breakfast the following morning was great. I had the Western my partner had Korean and we both really enjoyed our meals. Entertainment screens were wide and clear and was impressed with the touch screen display. Nice choice of films games and music. Seats were comfortable and sleeping was great with good recline. Arrival was on time despite delay and it was a very pleasant flight.
SIN-ICN return. Both flights delayed by 10 minutes due to late arrivals of aircraft's. Flew A330 economy. Service excellent with attentive and polite crew. Crew fluent in both Korean and English. They went around with refreshments throughout the duration of the flight. Food was delicious especially the Korean option. Entertainment system was good but can be better. Really enjoyed my trip and will fly Asiana again.
Flew Asiana for the first time in early February from Seoul to San Francisco. Check in organized and professional. Lounge in Incheon nicely presented with lots of seats (many of which were 'reserved') and escort service to gates provided. Once onboard attendant provided me with pre-flight drinks and snacks. Sat on individual window seat and seats were fantastic and fully adjustable to 180 beds. Meal service was the highlight for me and presented nicely on fine china. Service was excellent and will definitely fly more often.
LHR-ICN-SYD. I really don't enjoy flying so looked for business class options for London to Sydney flight and Asiana were the best price. First and final legs were new OZ smartium seats which were fantastic staff were excellent food great and arrived in Seoul feeling fresh. Lounge at ICN was a good space (have never travelled business before so I was easily impressed). Next legs between ICN and SYN were in older type business class with reclining seats. Having read about these previously I wasn't expecting too much but the were in fact very comfortable - the only moan I'd have is that the entertainment system is a bit rubbish. Overall flight was great and I'd fly Asiana again without hesitation.
Supposed to fly: AKL-SYD-ICN-LHR-VCE (AKL-SYD with QF LHR-VCE with BA) on 8th Dec 2012 but was re- routed to CDG. Cons: Firstly my flight was delayed in Sydney due to late arrival of aircraft from Incheon because of heavy snow. Secondly Both legs were using old aircraft's and the worst is that the entertainment system (AVOD) was horrible with a lack of choice and unable to restart the movie from the beginning. I was only told that my flight to London was cancelled when I arrived at ICN. Pros: They re-routed me to CDG when my flight was cancelled to LHR. They took responsibility of the whole journey even though the LHR-VCE part was booked separately from Asiana. Ground staffs in ICN were excellent friendly and tried their best to accommodate me.
ICN-LAX return in first class on 747. Fantastic lie flat seats in spacious individual pods which offered comfort and privacy. Cabin crew were the most conscientious I've encountered providing personalized service. Food menu was terrific and presentation and serving excellent. Wine choices impressive. Duvets provided and seats very comfortable in bed configuration. Great lounge at Incheon and staff service consistently high. Highly recommended.
Sydney Kingsford Smith to Seoul Incheon in late December. Lounge at Sydney was offered through Air New Zealand and it was pleasant. Boarding was very organized with business first then economy in orderly lines. Disappointed that for such a long haul 10 hour flight Asiana doesn't offer their new 180 seats on this route and ended up on the previous model 777 which had the lie-flat angled seats so sleeping not as comfortable but sitting was fine. I never forget how thorough the Asiana service is on the ground and in the air. Dining and wines were very high in quality and served course after course. Shortly afterwards a "snack" service was provided with Korean noodles which felt like another meal itself. The entertainment was good with updated movies and duty-free shopping was also available. Smooth and on time landing despite the horrid wet weather and baggage came out quickly and dry. An excellent business class all round.
Seoul Incheon to Chicago O'Hare and I cannot speak more highly of their first class product. The lounge in their main Seoul hub was terrific and staff service equally as excellent. Onboard the seats have been upgraded to suites since my last flight on this route 2 years ago. The noticeable improvement was the 32 inch TV screen and more updated movies seem to be increasingly available. Dining and wines were once again impeccable and chose the Korean traditional meals which were delicious. The starry mood lighting when sleeping was unique and a great addition. Seats were spacious and bed was made for me by the crew with sheets duvets and pillows. Staff handed out thank-you gifts before landing in Chicago. Value for money is excellent and I will certainly fly again.
London Heathrow - Seoul - Sydney return over the Christmas period. Staff are excellent the food both Korean and Western option is excellent. A great choice of films music and games. Ample leg room for price. Hotel provided overnight on our return journey was excellent. The only down side to the flight was the entertainment system from Seoul to Sydney was a little dated. You couldn't start the films yourself they had already started by the time you got the headphones. Probably best to update the systems to the same as the other aircraft's. Highly recommend.
Flew from Singapore to Seoul to Sydney and service was excellent all round on both legs. Transiting through Incheon Airport was very simple and everything was done efficiently and check in staff were very friendly. Both flights departed and arrived on time and luggage came out fast at Sydney. Seating was comfortable food great and entertainment system passed the hours. Will definitely recommend.
I use Asiana frequently from FRA to ICN. Excellent food (go for the Korean option) great seating comfort modern IFE nice crew. Worth the money.
Sydney-Seoul-LA return. Economy seats were comfortable food and entertainment system excellent extras provided - slippers toothbrush/paste mouthwash and hot towels were appreciated. Flight staff very attentive and always had a smile.
LHR-ICN ICN-SYD (economy return). Standout features were the fantastic leg room (I'm 6' 1") and a very generous seat pitch. In-flight entertainment hardware on the first leg was impressive very large touchscreen display as well as USB powered connectivity (pictures/music) and universal AC mains power (per two seats). Western film selection was reasonable but very lacking in terms of TV shows etc. Staff were professional courteous and attentive although their English was very limited in my experience outside of the most straightforward questions. Without trying it the Korean food looked a lot better with the Western option well below Singapore Airlines or British Airways offerings. Against the absolute top tier airlines Asiana holds up very well in my view and depending on the price difference I would fly with them again in a heartbeat.
Flew from San Francisco to Seoul to Bangkok and back. Every flight was the same consistent service. At the gate and checking-in the service was attentive. The food was good served promptly and warm with the choice of western or Asian catering.
Sydney to Seoul then Seoul to San Francisco both flights in business. SYD-ICN - Seats were padded nicely and comfortable and are electronically adjustable to various positions. Food and wine fantastic and looked as good as it tasted. Overnight stay at Incheon Airport Hotel was superb. ICN-SFO - Business lounge in Seoul was clean and modern and a comfortable facility to relax in with fresh but limited food. Lounge staff notified me of my flight and guided me to the gates where business pax boarded first. Onboard seats were even better and newer than those on the first sector. They were fully flat beds in which I managed to sleep for 8 hours. Food wine entertainment once again excellent All attendants attentive and ground staff were excellent.
London to Sydney. Forfeited our flight with another airline which led us to use Asiana. We found the service to be fantastic. Staff were attentive friendly and welcoming. The cabin managers (2 legs of the journey) both introduced themselves personally. The food was fantastic and the seats very comfortable. Excellent all round. Would definitely use them for future flights.
SYD-ICN was a codeshare flight with tickets purchased through Qantas but operated by Asiana. The most premium cabin available for this flight was business class and it was what I expected of a 5 star airline with the exception of reclined seats which are advertised to be "lie-flat" but slanted at an angle when in rest position. It was wide and comfortable to sit in but a little awkward to sleep in. Meals were delicious and came out in multiple courses. I opted for the Korean option and it was some of the best Asian cuisine I have tasted. The entertainment was adequate perhaps not extensive but screens were wide and clear. Landing at Incheon was smooth and on time and the airport divides the gates between economy and business which was convenient and clever to avoid masses of people trying to disembark at once. Incheon Airport is very fast and I was out in less than 15 minutes!
Seoul Incheon to Chicago. First class Incheon lounge very clean and modern. Onboard I was pleasantly surprised at the suite style seats in first class on 777-200. Very comfortable and offered plenty of room but it lacks the luxurious feel probably from the white sliding doors. Service was as expected and impeccable from meal and beverage services to huge screens for entertainment (perhaps not necessary) and the mood lighting when sleeping was a great touch. Storage space was convenient and the seat was quite innovative with a small touch control panel installed next to the armrest. Passengers also given small "Christmas gifts". Fantastic service with excellent value for money.
Sydney-Seoul in economy and an overall comfortable trip with very friendly and smiley staff. Departure and arrivals were on time and baggage collection at Incheon was fast. In flight everyone was given slippers which were helpful when walking around the plane. Seats were very comfortable and felt wide as advertised. Food was delicious and drinks were frequently given. My only concern was the entertainment system which was fine and functioned well but it was the old PTV screens and quite small. All in all a great long haul journey and definitely recommend the product.
Seoul - New York in business and the best I have experienced to date. The lounge at Incheon was also superb with great showering facilities available upon arrival and comfortable space to relax in. During the flight the staff address you formally and always offering various beverages with such a delightful attitude. The seats were a comfortable full flat and the entertainment system was much better. Food came out in courses and was beautifully presented. Landing at JFK was a little late due to air traffic but baggage came out straight away which was convenient. It was an excellent business product across all aspects.
Sydney to Incheon return both flights on the Boeing 777-200. Impressed with the service at the airport and during the flight even with the simple things like escorting business class passengers to the gates from the lounge priority boarding beverage refills without having to be asked and overall the amount of attention given to passengers. Dining was of high quality both in terms of taste and presentation and the high-end wines complemented meals nicely. The business seats were comfortable to sleep in and offered good space but I was hoping for a full flat bed especially for the return flight overnight. Headsets for IFE were noise cancelling and operating the entertainment system was simple. Shortly before landing crew distributed branded parting gifts to passengers something I have never encountered before.
SYD-LHR-SYD in Business Class. Excited to try Asiana but feel a little underwhelmed after the experience. 3 out of 4 flights had delays between 20 mins and 2.5 hours. The old business class 'lie flat' seat is OK but difficult to get comfortable when sleeping. The new 'flat bed' business class was fantastic in terms of comfort. Entertainment was on demand for three flights but old school tape style on one flight where you can't pause or rewind. Headphones were of poor quality so bring your own. Food was delicious on all flights with the Korean dishes being the best. Lounge in INC had average food options and was quite busy at peak times. One major irritant was the cabin temperature on all flights - very hot - which made for an awkward and uncomfortable trip. Crew were all accommodating if not a little robotic and their English skills left a lot to be desired. Would fly again if the price was right.
Travelled round-trip from Sydney to Seoul in economy class and was happy with the flights. Checking in at both Sydney and Incheon was easy and boarding was just as organized. Incheon Airport was so efficient and easy. The flight itself was comfortable and albeit the packed cabin seats still seemed spacious and I was able to stretch out. On the outbound flight breakfast and lunch was provided with mini snacks in between. The overall quality of the meals were great and there were plenty of it as I still had the option I wanted despite being served towards the end. Same story with the overnight return journey but seats were not as comfortable to sleep in although it's the same case with any economy seat. Breakfast was served before landing in Sydney. The service from the crew was the standout on both flights.
A short flight between HND-GMP and the cabin crew made it as comfortable and pleasant as it can be. The food served for lunch was outstanding. It was one of the best meals I have had on board in the last few years. I am looking forward to traveling on long haul flights with Asiana next time.
Business class LHR-ICN-SYD first leg 777 2nd leg A330. First leg B777 Pulman seating 7 across and no on demand IFE. The lack of full lie flat seats I can cope with as I'm of average build and height. 4 hour layover at ICN may have been at a quiet time but plenty of seats in lounge shower available within 15 mins of booking and very well appointed - no complaint there. 2nd leg on A330 had been led to believe that Asiana are progressively upgrading their business class to herringbone configuration but alas this aircraft was also Pulman albeit with one less seat per row which made the cabin more spacious. Now had OD IFE and touch screen controls which worked fine in economy but with a 60" pitch you need to release your seat belt to perch on the edge of your seat to be able to touch the screen. Otherwise you have to use the remote which has a strange logic all of it's own. Cabin crew are polite and attentive - somewhat robotic. Ordered a G and T which duly arrived but when the meal was served and I asked for a glass of wine she did a double take before returning with the wine list. I realised that what you first order is what they'll attentively serve you the rest of the flight there is no such thing as a pre-dinner drink. On both flights I chose Western cuisine and on both flights courses were missed but quickly supplied when asked but the food was so so. I'd definitely fly with them again if the price was right.
ICN-SIN. This round trip was on points. Both flights were completely packed on 290-seater A330. The plane was not old but began to show its wear. Once up-to-date AVOD is now dated and Asiana really needs big improvements on this. Food was and in-flight service was good as always. Seat pitch is advertised to be 33" but it felt much tighter due to thick padding on the back. Big seat back did little for comfort just consumed the space. Hard working cabin crew also worked extra minutes to sell duty free items. Still very good airline but there are some signs of things deteriorating.
ICN-LHR. Good flight excellent legroom charming and attentive if slightly robotic cabin-crew. IFE system between Seoul and London so outdated as to be non-functional (bring an iPad) and lacks 'western' content. The demanding of blinds-down during day-flights is becoming a big issue in these reviews and one that should really be addressed. No-one on the flight wanted to sleep following an early afternoon take-off. Many wanted to see the Mongolian landscape which is why they had asked for a window seat in the first place. This is especially true as one lands at LHR 6pm and therefore will go home or to a hotel have dinner and then try to 'sleep' again. Communication from the flight deck could also be better as the aeroplane just starts moving (on time) and the captain will say thank-you at the end of the flight. 50/50 then although in economy that seat-pitch is worth a lot.
LHR-ICN-SYD. The ground crew and flight crew were excellent especially on LHR-ICN. The meals were excellent and very enjoyable cabin crew were always there if you had any issues. Drink runs were done often. The only problem I had with these flight was the Inflight Entertainment - unbelievable they didn't have AVOD on the Boeing 777and this should be improved for such long-haul flight. Everything else was fantastic definitely would fly Asiana Airlines again.
Best economy class I have ever flown. Hardest working and most responsive crew I have ever flown with. Very comfortable spotlessly clean throughout each 10 hour flight. Will definitely use Asiana again!
Incheon to Chicago business class. This was the best business experience I have had on routes to the US. Check-in at Incheon was fast and efficient and lounge at ICN was immaculate. The planes were clean and the standout was once again the service from the FAs. Seats were full flat with lots of room and the IFE was good. Food was once again exceptional and the wine selections were great. FAs regularly served champagne without having to be asked. It was truly a 5 star experience.
Sydney to Seoul on 777. Seats were wide and comfortable for economy and reclined enough to sleep. Shortly after take- off FAs gave out various small amenities and slippers which I found useful to walk around on the plane. Hot towels and menues were given before breakfast and the food was the best I have had on any flight. Beverages were served regularly with FAs offering water and juice. The IFE was good for me but screens were the older style PTV. Staff service was a standout. FAs were efficient and fast when called.
ICN-PVG a flight I do with huge regularity. Plane varies between a 320 and an old 767. The 767 is probably preferable if you can get it. The 320 usually packed full of tourists and associated duty free clobber. Seats are on the whole pretty comfortable and leg room is good (I am 6'). Staff a fairly attentive get the immigrations forms out quickly and always offer a pen if asked for it. They are also good at getting people to put seats up when you are trying to work or eat. They also leave it to the last minute before landing before getting electronic devices off. Food is probably the best I have had in economy with the exception of Dragonair. Whilst you don't get a selection it is usually very edible and portions a OK. Gripes come with the entertainment: no VOD and whilst you won't get a film in on such a short hop I am sick to the back teeth of AFHM or whatever it is. Certainly continue to choose them over Korean Air.
Singapore to Incheon. Staff formally greeted passengers onboard before take-off. The seats were nice and wide with good legroom far superior to the economy class in Singapore Airlines and they seemed softer than most economy cabins allowing for restful sleep. The food was excellent especially the Korean option. Flight attendants frequently served drinks which were much appreciated. Cabin was maintained well and toilets were kept clean and stocked throughout the flight. Although the IFE was rather limited. Recent movies were available however a wider selection would have been better. The highlight was the staff service and the amount of attention passengers were given.
Return flight. ICN-HAN on A333. First time flying with Asiana. Cabin was hot when we're boarding the plane and many pax complained about it. Leg room and seat comfort not bad old style PTV screen. Some FAs were friendly while some were not. Hot towel and OJ were served before meal. However food wasn't like what I expected. Pillow and blanket were provided. HAN-ICN on newer A333. Delayed 45 mins due to airplane connection problem. Plane was clean and leg room was fantastic. Pillow and blanket provided. FAs seemed to be tired and half-hearted. Wide screen and new version PTV but the ones on my seat and on my friend's seat right behind me froze up and not working at all during the whole flight. Hot towel and OJ were served before meal. Food was worse than the previous flight. Another cup of OJ was provided prior to arrival.
SEA-MNL. I have to say the food served was by far the best I have had on any airline. The beverage service was excellent as well flight attendants were regularly offering water and juice. Check in was efficient. No lines at all no waiting at both Seattle and Manila. While I have read many times about how good Asiana's economy seats are I found my seat very uncomfortable it felt unusually hard and I was unable to sleep. The head support cushion extended out too far to allow me to use my neck pillow. Then my entertainment system froze up on me in the last hour segment of the flight to ICN and it happened again when returning to Seattle. Then there were the never ending announcements seemed a little louder than necessary and too frequent. On the final leg of my return trip into Seattle the staff servicing my area weren't as good as before seemed a little bit miserable. One attendant was clearly annoyed when I asked for a replacement headset mine wasn't working on one side. I will use Asiana again if the price is right having said that the seats are not good average at best.
SYD-ICN on B777. Planes were the older 777s although it was maintained well. The economy seat pitch were the best I have experienced at 34 inches. Food was great and drink rounds were frequent. Passengers were asked to lower the shades after breakfast intended for people to sleep. Slippers were distributed in economy which allowed for comfortable movement around the plane. Toilets were kept clean throughout the flight and stocked well. The flight attendants were immaculately presented and professional. Will definitely recommend them.
I have just completed my third trip Sydney-London in Business Class. Until this last trip I could not fault the airline but on the last trip on the Seoul-London sector things were different. As the whole trip from Sydney to London is during daylight hours I prefer to have the blinds up. On the Seoul-London sector the cabin crew insisted that blinds be lowered. I complained to the airline only to be told that the blinds are lowered to enable people to rest. Travelling to London from Sydney I get a nights sleep before the flight where I am expected to "rest' then a night in a hotel in Seoul followed by a daylight flight to London where I am expected to "rest" again. I was informed that I could use my personal light to read if I wanted to. I would like to point out that after paying thousands of dollars to travel in Business Class do not expect to be treated like a child in Kindergarten being told when to sleep. I will add that it was only on this sector that I have ever had trouble with Asiana.
ICN-LAX. Check-in was fast and efficient and ground staff gave good first impressions. Asiana's Incheon business lounge was luxurious with modern facilities however quite limited in food and beverage options. Lounge staff notified me of my flight time and escorted me to the boarding gates. Business class passengers are given priority boarding and lines were orderly and organised comparatively superior to American carriers. Meals served soon after take-off with Korean and Western options in three courses. Flight attendants frequently checked on the passengers with a delightful attitude and drinks were served multiple times. Seats were wide and comfortable as expected in a five star airline. A wide range of in-flight entertainment was available however was surprisingly not on-demand. Overall it was an enjoyable long haul flight and I will definitely fly with them again.
ORD-Seoul and on to Taipei but via EVA Airways. Asiana was superb except for the inflight entertainment. I couldn't believe the poor quality and options on an aircraft that had everything else right. Food and service excellent. Seats were not quite flat but I knew this going in and it was still easy to sleep. Lounge was Star- Alliance shared in Chicago and quite nice albeit small compared to the enormous one in Seoul which was pitiful - terrible food options limited beverages strange seating/lighting. Overall would fly them again.
London - Seoul and Seoul - Sydney both on Boeing 777. Overall pretty good. Leg room seemed better than most staff were generally friendly and helpful and food was perfectly acceptable. Biggest let down was the in-flight entertainment system. You had a very limited choice of films and you couldn't select start time etc they were just on when they were on. Screen quality etc was also very poor. Might seem like a relatively small thing but on what was effectively a 24 hour flight it was a bit of an issue and not what I expected from a 5* airline. That said overall I think they represented decent value for money and would certainly consider them again.
BKK-ICN-JFK and SEA-ICN-BKK. All were excellent very attentive flight ground staff & flight attendants. The aircraft was clean and well maintained (some reservation to the old B767 between ICN-BKK but they are still clean). Meals and drinks are excellent. I am also impressed that when I arrived in BKK and forgot my medication box on the aircraft they still can track me and had it returned.
JFK-ICN in first. Lounge at JFK joint Star Alliance business and not all that good. Once on board everything changed. Nice clean 777 with good full flat beds. Attentive pleasant cabin crew who could not be faulted. Food wine and AVOD what one would expect of a five a five star airline. Will certainly fly with them again.
Vancouver to Delhi via LAX - Vancouver to Los Angeles on Air Canada E90 and Los Angeles to New Delhi on Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 and Airbus 330 respectively. What a difference between Air Canada and Asiana airlines service! All flights were on time. I had to buy food on Air Canada. The cabin crew appeared bored and tired on Air Canada flight. IFE was very good. I took shuttle from domestic terminal to international terminal. Asiana airlines ground personnel were very friendly and helpful. The flight from LAX to ICN was a midnight flight on Boeing 777. IFE was good with variety of movies and shows. Drinks were served 30 minutes after the flight followed by meal (dinner and lunch). Snacks were provided throughout the flight. Airbus 330 was used for Flight from ICN to Delhi . Cabin was clean. Flight attendants were very friendly and attentive. Two meals were served on this flight.
SYD-ICN return. Second time flying with them this time for a business trip. Priority boarding for business class passengers and flight attendants attentively directed me to my seat and were visible throughout the entire flight to check on passengers or to serve drinks. Food was served in three course meals with Korean or Western options. Highlight was the quality selections of wine on offer for business passengers and were the best I have experienced in-flight. Seats were comfortable and wide however they were not lie-flat though they reclined enough to sleep well. In-flight entertainment was good for me and in-flight shopping was a breeze.
SEA-ICN (July 17th) + ICN-SGN (July 18th) This was my third time flying Asiana. The flight crew was very polite entertainment system had a great selection of movies takeoff and landing was good and the flight was smooth overall! I really appreciated the drinks that the flight crew brought us every 20 minutes or so starting at the middle of the flight! ICN-SGN was somewhat less desirable. We scrambled from security and nearly missed the connecting flight but the airport crew was very kind and let me and about 30 others through. The Boeing 777 was very cramped and I was stuck in the middle seat the entertainment system was aged and it was really hard to sleep so the flight seemed much longer than SEA-ICN.
NRT-ICN ICN-HND. Miles were used on this trip with Asiana. There was a last minute aircraft change thus my allocated seat was no longer available. Leg space felt a bit cramped on the A330 aircraft but not sure if its due to me having flown for so long already and just weary of sitting. Food was fine and service was as good as it can get on a short 2.5 hour flight. I've flown with Asiana many times in the past so I pretty much knew what to expect but I never grow tired of how thorough they are with their in flight service.
I travelled SYD-ICN-SEA/SFO-ICN-SYD. Fantastic service excellent attentive crew on all flights. SFO-ICN on a B777 with the new seats which are fantastic slept 9 hours. Transferring to the older style seats on the B777 to SYD was a real step backwards but the crew and service made up for it.
From PVG to ICN (approximately 2 hours) the crew served a full-course lunch with a choice of Korean or Western entrees salad roll and chocolate mousse. They had it served offered second cups of coffee or tea cleaned it all up and had the plane ready for descent. All of this done with genuine politeness. My long trip from ICN to SEA was the same pleasant experience.
SYD-ICN return. Pleasing long haul flights on both legs. Cabin crew were very professional. They were attentive and visible throughout the flight. Soon after take-off food was served. Quality is good especially the Western option though Korean also seemed nice. IFE was alright for me and a wide range seemed available. Seats were nice and wide at 34 inches with plenty of leg room so overnight flight was not a problem. Overall the service of this airline is impeccable and I will definitely travel with them again.
I just returned to SFO from BKK traveling through ICN. I had heard that they were a good airline but they exceeded my expectations. I flew business class and had a great lay flat seat for the long haul leg from SFO to SEL. Seats from ICN to BKK did not lay flat but offered enough of a recline to actually sleep on. The service from the crew was outstanding! I honestly have not had better service on a plane. I had a lengthy layover in ICN and the lounge was good but not great. ICN airport is good to transfer through as it is modern clean and efficient.
LAX-ICN-OKA return. From the ground staff to cabin crew I was surprised at the level and quality of service. 772ER for LAX-ICN leg comfortable seat with decent recline I was able to sleep a good portion of the flight. Meals were very tasty and cabin crew spot-on. Unlike SQ these FAs actually take the time to engage with PAX. 763ER for ICN-OKA-ICN legs comfortable seating and full meals served during the short 2-hour flights. 744 Combi for ICN-LAX leg the most comfortable economy seat I've experienced. Lots of legroom (I'm 5'11") and decent recline slept the majority of the flight home. Large PTV screen with a good selection of movies. Excellent food aboard I chose the Korean selection bulgogi with vegetables for the main course and the kimchi rice as a snack. Overall very impressed with OZ and I look forward to flying them again.
Sydney to Frankfurt (via Seoul) and return business class. Seats on all flights were very good although they do not recline fully flat cabin crew were very attentive on all flights and the food was excellent. The Sydney / Seoul and return was disappointing in that the video system was old only worked on a fixed cycle and offered very few movie choices  the Seoul / Frankfurt flights were much better with a very modern VOD system. Hotel stopover included with outward flight and Asiana foolishly bus you into town and back robbing you of much of your time  they should use an airport hotel. The downtown stopover hotel was very good but it offered very ordinary food as part of Asianas package. The Asiana Business Lounge at Incheon was very disappointing with a 1.5 hour wait for a shower and very poor refreshment offerings.
SGN-ICN-JFK LAX-ICN-SGN: First flight was a breeze comfortable seats with really good seat pitch cabin crew were fast and efficient often presence through flight offering snacks drinks almost every 20min in addition to very good meals. AVOD was great with a wide selection of movies. The return flight was delayed so we missed the connecting flight but the ground crew was happy to help us with free and high quality accommodation for the night. The flight from ICN-SGN had a mediocre AVOD in spite of being a B777 due to flight's duration. Overall very good airline especially the staff.
GMP-PEK shuttle in A330-300. Surprised to see the latest aircraft on a regional route. Flight was packed due to group travelers. Seats are advertised to have 32-33" pitch and felt more spacious thanks to slim seat back. 10" screen is easy to see but not much to watch in this 1.5-hour flight. Full hot meal was served to 290 passengers and it was never rushed! Meal was better than many restaurants in Asia. On the return my seat was upgraded to C class. Again a hot towel service followed by a round of drink and full hot meal in china and silverware. All in 90-minute flight and never rushed. When it comes to in-flight service Asiana is tough to beat.
Flew Sydney to USA return in business especially to try the product which has been so highly recommended. Although 3 of the 4 legs had older seats (planes) it is true that the service makes the journey. 6 stewardesses to 24 passengers. Meals were served quietly and no galley noise could be heard. Snacks at any time were as big as a meal. Toilets cleaned between each passenger. The respect shown for the passengers was excellent. Upgrade some of the planes and the product would be perfect. Downside: Asiana Business Lounge in Incheon very disappointing. Will fly with them again with pleasure.
SYD-ICN return on 777-200. Flight attendants warmly greeted us on boarding. Shortly after take-off FAs distributed headphones and slippers. Menus distributed with hot towels before breakfast was served. Western option was great and quite filling. Flight attendants seemed to start clearing up faster than usual however they politely told me to eat at ease and they would clear mine up later. Tea and coffee served before the lights were turned off. IFE was fine for and inflight shopping a breeze. FAs were frequently present and regularly served drinks. Return overnight flight similar story. Seats generally comfortable to sleep in. Toilets were maintained well but the long queues were frustrating. FAs quickly resolved the issue by directing some passengers to the business class toilets. Overall FAs were very professional and pleasant. I was very pleased at the level of service and will certainly consider my next trips to Asia with them.
HNL-ICN-HNL on A330. Fast efficient check-in. On-time departures and arrivals. Friendly FA's who responded quickly to requests. Wide variety of seat-back entertainment Clean restrooms. Best leg room I've ever had in economy. Hot towel menu two delicious meals with snack and water in between. Baggage came quickly. I'm so glad that Asiana has returned to Honolulu after being away (too) many years.
Incheon to Hong Kong. I walked straight up to one of the several Business Class desks and was checked in within about 60 seconds. The Asiana Business lounge was a big disappointment it was crowded with little spare seating little food or drinks available for the morning crowd. I gave up and went out into the public area which is well designed and much more pleasant than the lounge. I boarded through the separate gangway for first/business class onto a 777-200 which was an upgrade from the scheduled A330 on this route. 777 had the new Quadrant Smartium seating which is similar to that on Emirates A380. Despite being new seating it seemed a little soiled and had lost the 'new' look and feel but seats were still pleasant and fully flat. Champagne juice and water offered. Cabin crew were very friendly and obliging. Menus ere handed out as soon as the seat belt sign was off and a 4 course Western or Korean brunch service was offered. The food and wine service is where Asiana really shine. Each course was served on elegant china. The wine list was well chosen. The only things to let Asiana down were the poor video content and the fact that the seating although lie-flat was hard to make comfortable in the 'relax' position.
I had great flights from SGN to Seoul and Seoul to SFO. The crew was always cheerful and treated everyone with respect and the food was fairly good. I flew in coach so the seats were on par for every other airline in terms of comfort. (I didn't sleep well since I am 6'1" although I had an aisle seat the seats weren't comfortable enough for me but that's more of a tiff I have with Airbus and Boeing). But overall I liked flying Asiana. The only problem I've had is getting my mileage credited on my freq flyer card.
Seoul-Hiroshima 1 hour flight. B767-300. The plane was half empty. This old plane was still in very condition. Seats comfortable with plenty of legroom but no inflight entertainment. Flight attendants very good as usual with Asiana and very present and attentive to passengers even on a short flight like this one. We were promptly served a light tasty meal.
FRA-ICN. Staff service was really good and I enjoyed the entertainment. However the plane was a bit old but apart from this I enjoyed the flights. Excellent connection with our flight in Korea.
SFO-ICN. Spotless cabin bathroom kept clean throughout flight. New bed was very comfortable no problem on width and I'm a large person. Drink selection excellent. Food selection not bad I had Korean but western was offered. Saw no inflight snacks offered on the 12 hour flight. Flight attendants walking through cabin every few minutes. Movies on demand about 16 selections little limited but not bad. Beats North American airline service hands down.
ICN-JFK roundtrip in B777. Getting a seat in business class is almost impossible if using miles to upgrade. Service in Y-class matched or was better than that of C-class in some airlines. Meals served on JFK leg were great. Seats are spacious with plenty of legroom for people under 6 ft tall. However seat back is very thick and the seat in front of you somewhat crowds into you. IFE was fine but needs improvement in variety. This airline really needs to focus on improving the command in English for the entire crew. Public announcements in English were poor. Considering more than half of the passenger onboard both legs were non-Koreans this may become a problem.
HND-GMP ICN-PVG with overnight connection. First leg on A330 with AVOD meal service comfortable seats and courteous cabin crew. Counter staff for the second leg were extremely helpful considering I was late for check-in but fortunately managed to get me on the flight. The flight to Shanghai was more than pleasant for a short 1.5 hour flight with an exceptional meal service and always smiling inflight crew.
PVG-ICN return. Departure and arrival on time. PVG-ICN very old B767 but well maintained and clean ICN- PVG old A321 again clean no entertainment (AVOD) but it's ok for 1.5 hrs flight. Food great with plenty of drinks served. OZ has much higher service standard than most Asian carriers.
PVG-SFO via ICN with a school group. Very good service and nice food on all sectors. Check-in fast and professional. Flight attendants hard were visible during every stage of flight. Staff answered passenger calls within seconds and were pleasant and cheerful. Asiana is certainly above competitors in regards to service food and quality. We could have travelled direct to SFO on an American airline but the cheaper price and higher quality of service were worth the additional hours.
Super service on two flights LAX-SEL-LAX in 1st class. Great food and service. IFE needs updating however. Only 10 seats in First which made for a spacious experience.
777 LAX-Seoul. Positives were easy check-in and boarding economy 80% full and plane in great condition. Flight attendants very professional and efficient. Food was good. Negatives were old loop style IFE with poor headsets. Food was only one western choice other option Korean. No pre lunch drink which seems crazy on 12 hour flight. Flight attendants hardly spoke to passengers.
Osaka (KIX)-Seoul (Incheon)-Beijing and Nanjing-Seoul-Osaka. Exceptionally good flights with unbelievably good service meals wine and comfort. Only problem was in making my 90 minute transit at Seoul-Incheon on the outbound Asiana flights. On return flights I noticed one transfer and security gate that was almost completely empty while another transfer and security gate a hundred metres away was jammed packed and virtually not moving. Asiana could do well to advise transit passengers of this problem and to seek ways of rectifying it if they wish Incheon to be considered a serious transit hub for them.
B777 with lie flat bed LHR-ICN B777 with no AVOD on ICN-SYD route. Really little comparison- service better on newer plane better bedding pillows choice of movies and audio. Soft product fine on both but a grade higher on newer cabin. Food was good but the second meal on the first leg is always a lunch and for ex-UK this is served at 6-7 am. A breakfast option would go down better. Asiana does not allow CPAP machines to be operated from the a/c power supply; this is a great shame as there is no technical reason for the ruling.
LHR-SYD. Crew were friendly but their command of English poor and inflight announcements barely comprehensible. While the crew were pleasant after they had completed the meal service they tended to disappear. Plane was a 777 with no on-demand entertainment system. The only good thing about this flight was the seat comfort and leg room.
Seattle-Inchon-Clark return. Planes are showing their ages (A330/A320). AVOD selection is good lavatory is clean and always stocked. Food is great but ran-out of Asian selection very early. I had a bicycle to check- in which was free (other airlines charge $50-$200). My only complaints is the need of USB charger in the economy area if power supply is not available. Most travellers have Ipods or other electronics. Flight Attendants always smiling.
LAX-TAO MNL-LAX return. Great FA's. Time and new innovations are letting this airline fall behind. Now with many offering power ports in economy for phones ipads computers this is not offered to its coach passengers. Inflight entertainment is not up to standards offered by other airlines. But personnel are great in all areas although equipment is starting to lack.
ORD to SGN. The FA's were great the entertainment adequate and the rest rooms clean and restocked with amenities frequently. My only complaint was the Korean food not quite what I expected. I like Asian food but this was not as good as I heard it would be. I'd opt for the western meal next time.
SFO-ICN. Quadra seat made this 12 hour flight enjoyable. Extremely attentive flight attendants. Flight departed and arrived on time. Decent movie selection but 1 movie froze up at the same point 80 percent of the way through.
London-Sydney return. This is the 3rd time I have travelled this route with Asiana and the quality has been excellent on each. The seats are about as comfortable as you can get in economy. The attentiveness and friendliness of the cabin crew is excellent. Meals are good if you choose the Korean meal. Entertainment choices are good if you have AVOD but fairly limited if you haven't. Toilets are clean and well stocked. The overnight stopover in Seoul was at the Seoul Royal. Only criticism is that the announcements can be too quiet and the command of English is a bit limited. The directions for getting to the Asiana desk for hotel allocation could be a lot clearer.
LAX to Hanoi via Incheon return. LAX-Incheon on 747 and Incheon-HAN on A330. Check-in and boarding couldn't have been better throughout. All planes were immaculate flight attendants were superb. Food and beverages were excellent and inflight amenities very good. All equipment functioned perfectly and the toilets were kept fully stocked and clean. IFE was more than adequate. Seats were a bit on the hard side although I don't have a lot of padding and I found it difficult to sleep with the angled seating. Overall definitely a first class experience for a business class price. Too bad US airlines lag further and further behind.
TPE-ICN. Missed first flight on Korean Air so this was a last minute booking just hours before the flight. The low cost was impressive only 300 USD. The flight was barely 15% full. Flew on an 3-3 configuration Airbus. The cabin felt very dated perhaps due to the yellow lighting and grey seats. Service naturally was fast and efficient. Smooth flight delicious meal and the flight attendants excellent. Only inflight entertainment was a random movie shown overhead. My only complaint was that the armrests would not raise all the way up in between the seats thus preventing a much needed nap across the seats.
Incheon-San Francisco. Best flight I've had in a long time. IFE is pretty good with a lot of new movies about 1-1.5 months old. What stood out were the FA's who were always smiling and asking if we needed drinks. I slept through a meal and they left a card telling me to call anytime I want a meal. Food was excellent I'd recommend the Korean option although the Western option (steak) is also excellent. Overall an above average and satisfactory flight.
JFK-ICN-SGN. I flew on the older model so the screens were small and not as much room as I hoped for your legs. ICN-SGN I did get a chance to ride on the newer model and it was great big screens and lots of leg room. I didn't have a problem with the movies there were a lot of choices and new movies to choose from. Staff were great even though the cabin was packed because I flew in the summer. Good price cheapest option. Overall a great experience.
BKK-ICN-BKK. Fantastic cabin crew excellent food wine and good entertainment. Outbound flight on a 744 with F seats seated in 3K in the F cabin. Although the seat was a little too firm for my liking I slept. Inbound on a two class A330. The J seats are angled and not fully flat but comfortable all the same. Cabin crew make you feel like a valued guest. The only complaint is the business lounge at BKK it is a tiny Louis Tavern lounge with limited food and drink offerings. The lounge at ICN however is excellent. I would fly OZ again my first choice for Asian travel.
LAX-ICN-SYD Business Class. 747 first leg 777 remainder of legs OZ Smartium on last leg. Service was impeccable! Meals were what I would consider restaurant quality. Brought back wine in Styrofoam 6-pack. They marked as fragile and hand-carried with FAs baggage. At LAX on return Asiana personnel removed all BC baggage from carousel to expedite process. Much more service-oriented than any American Airline! Unlike others number of AVOD choices not that important to me. My wife really liked the OZ Smartium seats. I would recommend Asiana to others.
GMP-CJU. Domestic route with no C class. All Y 200+ seater A321 was packed both ways but thanks to priority boarding for elite members check-in and boarding was hassle free. For 45-minute flight the crew still served beverages including coffee. As usual the service was flawless with warm smile. For domestic flight the seats were comfortable with generous space. No IFE for domestic routes.
I had very high expectations for Asiana but I didn't see them. Flew from JFK-ICN-HAN. Crew is great and they have a tough job keeping up with a lot of high maintenance passengers. Korean meals are good western meals are not. On the ICN-JFK leg dinner is served after take off and nothing else for 11 hrs. If you ask you can get a bag of potato chips. Leg room is ok on the 777 but really didn't feel like 34 inches and width is narrow. AVOD works well but the choices are limited. The 777 is also poorly designed without enough toilets so there is always a line for the two in the centre. The seat belt sign was only partially enforced and even during heavy turbulence when the crew was told to be seated there was still people walking around. Upon landing at JFK no fewer than four people got out of their seats during taxiing and had to be told to sit down. The A330 was more comfortable particularly from HAN-ICN which was completely empty and everyone had their own row. There is also an obsession with duty free and for the last three hours of the first leg the entire crew was consumed with taking and delivering orders. Having said all that Asiana is still miles ahead of AA Delta United etc.
London to Osaka via Incheon and was very impressed. The service was outstanding with large amounts of good quality food and drink. The entertainment system offered a good choice but was not 'on demand'. The seats were comfortable and there was plenty of legroom and storage space. The staff were always around smiling and helpful. We had to wait 3 hours for the connection at Incheon airport but that was pleasant as it is large and clean with lots of shops and the Asiana lounge is comfortable and provides refreshments.
LAX-ICN in Business Class. Hassle free boarding with on-time departure and arrival. Attentive FA's great food with wide selection of wines and beverages. FA's smiling and looked after passengers. Very comfortable lie-flat seats with ample personal space and restful sleep. Good IFE but limited selection of movies.
Roundtrip to SGN on A321 seats that were slim and comfortable. PTV on demand but choice limited compared to other carriers. A hot towel full hot meal dessert and coffee service is excellent quality. Crew served packed flight and did not seem to be rushed. Both flights on time. Onboard announcements were loud and clear but unfortunately only in Korean. The English announcements were poorly handled.
JFK-ICN-NRT return in Economy. FAs were very professional courteous and friendly and honored all requests. JFK- ICN-JFK sectors were roughly 14hours FAs kept walking around with beverages throughout the flight call button was answered in a matter of seconds. The seats on the 777 were very comfortable and recline was excellent. Food was top-notch steak in economy class. IFE was decent although nothing spectacular. Cabin a bit warm though I got used to it. ICN was a pleasure to transfer. ICN-NRT-ICN sectors same story great staff good food even for the short flight and seats were comfortable as well. Definitely deserving a 5-Star rating.
On my trip to Seoul Incheon ICN from San Francisco SFO service was impeccable. The seat pitch more than adequate and flight attendants were extremely courteous and apologetic that my first choice meal was not available but quickly located it from business and I had two meals. The inflight entertainment system malfunctioned for several hours but cabin staff and pilot apologized. Upon landing Asiana staff at ICN greeted us to Korea with $100 coupons per passenger with apology for IFE malfunction.
B777 LHR to Incheon and back on business. Aircraft clean but well used - needed to use an extra cushion on seat to get comfortable. Entertainment systems on demand were okay but screen quality and choice a bit limited. Good legroom. Staff and service were excellent - drinks service continuous and the meal on the return flight was the best of my trip.
ICN-LAX roundtrip in Y. Once you fly with one airline regularly over the years you would be well aware of what you get onboard. Choice of in-flight catering is running out of variation and onboard entertainment has similar problems. One thing I would not want changing is the service and warmth from the crew this airline has - always eager to help you enjoy this 11+ hrs journey on a packed 747. This old Jumbo Jet is well maintained.
LAX-INC-PEK return. Very good value for money. Food was good and seats were extremely comfortable for Economy. Inflight entertainment acceptable but not great. Overall a good experience but I wish they would improve inflight entertainment.
JFK to Seoul. Having made hundreds of flights over the last 30 years I was reminded of what it was like when the passenger really mattered. The gracious treatment by the attendants was excellent they really seemed to care. The plane's cabin was well maintained. The 3 meals above average and the continued passing out of beverages during the flight was much appreciated. The attitude of the attendants made the 14 hr flight a memorable experience.
Seoul to San Francisco on 777 aircraft. Almost everything from check-in to landing was excellent. My baggage was tagged as priority due to the rather tight connection. My only criticism would be that the quality of food was not what I remembered it to be as well as it being redundant with the tiring ssambbap and steak option. Overall Asiana is still great value for money and my loyalty remains.
LHR to Seoul. A bit put out by checking in at T1 in LHR and the BMI staff could not have been less helpful. Trip was excellent though nice seats with plenty of room food was fine. Easy to collect baggage at Seoul.
Roundtrip from LAX to Ho Chi Minh City. Encountered strong headwind that made us late arriving into Korea. Flight held in Korea until we could board for Saigon. Good flight that included the attendants leading us in exercises while we were seated. Extremely good food prompt service and thoughtfulness of attendants.
Hong Kong to Seoul on a red eye flight. Flight attendants were friendly and attentive. The cabin crew were versatile with special requests. Aside from that the rest of the flight was on par with other Asian carriers.
SFO-ICN. 12.5 hr flight was great. Service pleasant meals tasty and seating area generous with 34" seat pitch. All in all I enjoyed my flight experience and would fly Asiana again.
San Francisco to Shanghai. Great food leg space and very friendly crew overall a good experience except one of the flights had some technical difficulties with the entertainment system which lasted about 30mins. I took 4 flights in total and am satisfied.
Hiroshima-Frankfurt via Incheon and onwards to Amsterdam via Lufthansa. Seat 2E on the Airbus to Incheon and service was very good bar the poor English language skills of the flight attendants. Seat 11J on the 747 Upper Deck was only half full. Service was again very good and the only minus was the limited selection on the AVOD.
HND-GMP return. A330-300 both legs. Very friendly and professional flight attendants most of whom are competent in 3 languages; Korean Japanese and English. While there was no selection a full hot meal was served in Economy class. IFE had a wide range of selections for movies and audio programs though flight time was too short to see a complete movie. On GMP-HND leg I was upgraded to Business Class. Again superb service a full Korean meal and excellent flight attendants.
I flew SEA-CEBU. The crew are very good the airbus comfortable and the food good quality. I will fly Asiana again.
Airport staff and inflight services excellent. Food is very good quality. Due to schedules our return flight to UK had a 9 hr stopover in Incheon but were compensated by very good airport facilities.
ICN-LAX. Flight attendants were very nice frequently offering coffee tea and wine in the span of 5 mins. The seats are comfortable and you get slippers.
Speedy boarding and in-flight entertainment and food was extremely good. Flight attendants were very polite and provided fast service.
LAX-ICN-MNL-ICN-LAX. First time flying Business. LAX-ICN and ICN-LAX were in the Quadra Smartium lie-flat seats. My wife and I were slept for most of the trip both ways. Service was five-star food was excellent and IFE was more than sufficient. OZ lounge in ICN was quiet upon early morning arrival from LAX however little food was initially set out. Waited 45 mins for a shower in the lounge. ICN-MNL-ICN was on the angled lie flat seat which was fine for the shorter flight. Again service was of a very high standard. Would highly recommend Asiana in business - great value for money.
HKG-ICN-HKG A330-300 with AVOD. FA very friendly I skipped the meal of outbound flight because of flight time and they will put a sticker for me to ask for food at anytime. AVOD system is great with a touchscreen. The only issue was the inbound flight which delayed for about 45mins with no reason announced.
LAX-MNL-LAX on board a B777-200 there was plenty of leg room and I was seated next to a window and emergency exit. The food was good and experienced excellent service. I will fly Asiana again along with the benefit that Incheon airport is one of the best in the world.
SYD-ICN-SEA/FUK-ICN-SYD All sectors with Asiana Airlines in Travel (Economy) Class. Despite more direct routes I purposely booked to travel via Seoul so I could experience Asiana and once again I wasn't let down! Experienced new A330 product from SYD very comfortable with great AVOD product. Catering on all legs was tasty with the Korean options (bibimbap/ssambap) especially delicious. Even on short flight from Fukuoka a nice snack was offered. Cabin staff service efficient friendly and proactive made to feel welcome. Airport staff also professional and energetic. Look forward to my next flight!
ICN-PVG roundtrip. Outbound B767. Spacious seats and okay pitch. Great hot meal for 80 min flight. Service was outstanding. Inbound a packed A320. Equally wide seats 18" wide) but somewhat narrow aisle. Again great hot meal was served without trouble. Flew through typhoon but the captain tried his best to avoid bumps. Great flight with gracious crew.
Seoul-New York. I lost count of how many times the flights attendants came around with water and juices on my flight. They made no fuss with meals and served me a meal after I had slept through the meal service. Food was quite passable for economy class (I had one western meal and one Korean meal) and served with metal cutlery. Beer and wine was free of charge.
I was very pleased with my experience on this airline. The entertainment was great there were toothbrushes provided in the restroom and slippers provided which was nice. Most importantly the flight attendants were fabulous.
Asiana Airlines offered a comfortable service. The meal was quite tasty and cabin crews were kind.
ICN-JFK roundtrip in Y class. B777-200ER with 3-class configuration was on both flights. The seats are not slim they had thick seat back. Although seats were comfortable thick seat back ate up some space. FA's were asking passengers to return the seat back upright at mealtime. For those who choose to sleep were bothered by this especially at the second meal service as one passenger was complaining about waking him up. Both flights were full but the service was flawless except for the mealtime wake-ups. Inflight entertainment system improved a lot in terms of contents. Overall great experience but surprised by not adapting space efficient slim seats as other airlines or even its own 747 fleet. Asiana Airlines 747's are equipped with slim seats and 10.6" AVOD.
DEL-ICN-SFO. Both flights were comfortable; service excellent good meals lot of choice for drinks and snacks. The flight crew was very attentive and prompt all the time. Toilets were kept clean with sufficient toiletries. Entertainment was reasonably good. Good value for money. Incheon airport is a good place to transit very nice airport and efficient staff.
I really like the experience I had with 2 trips recently on Asiana's aircraft. The first one was SEA to ICN on an A330 and the second one ICN to HAN on a B767. Both airplanes are nice although the 767 is kind OF old (I think they are phasing their 767s out). The legroom is super good it is much wider then most airlines I have flown. The food is good and the service is super nice.
PVG-ICN. Comfortable flight. Staff polite and spoke perfect English. A full meal provided for a relatively short flight which came with metal cutlery! Video on demand selection was pretty good though there wasn't much time to watch anything. A Korean language guide was on-demand and was useful and easy to follow. The flight wasn't expensive so all-in-all great value for money.
DLC-ICN-JFK trip from Dalian to Incheon was no longer than an hour but they still served very nice seafood with rice. Incheon to New York a 747-400 combi the seat was ok the food service and entertainment was excellent. JFK-ICN-DLC a 747-400 seat was a lot more comfortable the meal was better they serve bi-bim-bam on their flights back to Korea still excellent service and entertainment.
LAX-ICN-TAS-ICN-SFO. Outbound economy return in business. Travelling with an infant on this route is difficult but Asiana made it much easier with attentive service good food for the baby bassinets and good food for us. IFE excellent with programming on demand. First time going to TAS that we did not have to use a bus to get to the terminal. We had to gate check our stroller but at the Tashkent airport you need to pick it up at the baggage claim so we had to carry our baby until then which if you are familiar with the speed (or lack thereof) of the customs officials at TAS you know that it is not a small feat. The return was nice in business but even though we gate checked the stroller at TAS and told them we needed it at ICN they sent it through to the baggage claim. Luckily the ICN staff were wonderful and retrieved it for us quickly. Return was in the new Quadra business lie-flat seats which were comfortable for us but I can see how they might be too narrow for people with a larger build. Also strangely enough the business class bassinets are more narrow compared to the economy class ones. Nice amenity kit with L'Occitane products excellent food and service. I had the Korean options for all meals and I highly recommend it.
One of the best in-the-air services I've been provided with. I asked the flight attendant for an extra sheet of blanket and she brought me back the blanket and a chocolate - apologizing for her late return when all she took was 5 minutes. The short flight from Korea to Japan had meals offered (unlike some other airlines I've taken) and it was delicious. Flight crew was very kind and helpful.
SYD-ICN with my elderly mother and I was very anxious and worried about our trip especially due to my mother's disabilities. At check-in after I explained my mother's situation the staff gave us the front seats to cater for my mother's leg issues. The flight attendants were very attentive and understanding and language was no issue. Throughout the entire flight (10hours) my mother and I were cared for so diligently. The flight attendants would check on us regularly and ask if we required anything. Their smiles were a great addition to the journey. I can never be so grateful of the amount of care my mother and I received. I also noticed how well groomed they were which reflects their service and their carrier in general. I highly commend and thank Asiana Airlines and recommend it to anyone who seeks a comfortable and memorable journey.
ICN-ORD. Both flights flawless. Meals were better on previous flights and cabin felt a bit warm. In flight entertainment on B777 was not on-demand: PTV with 17 chanels of movies and short features on 2-hr loop. Not top notch but kept me entertained. Cabin crew were amazing as always as they make this airline a few steps above the competition.
Seattle to Seoul then from Seoul on to Hanoi and back on the same route two weeks later. We were amazed at the high degree of service politeness and courtesy. The flights were clean and very comfortable. The crew are a wonderful throw back to professional and competent crews the US experienced many years ago.
FRA-ICN a reward redemption in business class - they moved us to the First class cabin the service was for business class. The staff was really nice during the service. IFE not too much of a selection. Seats (747) are in need of refurbishment and not that comfortable to sleep. A positive the amount of space available. Staff at ICN transfer desk rather unhelpful. Overall good service but my expectations were set much higher.
Asiana is deserving it's 5 star rating. BKK to SFO with stop in ICN. Both flights on schedule with plenty of announcements. Great entertainment choices. Cabins on both flights a bit warm for my liking (especially when trying to sleep). Food I thought a bit down from previous flights though above the competition. What truly stands out is the service - crew smiling and visible throughout the flights.
Sydney to London on Asiana. My second trip to Europe with them. Fabulous service from check in to arrival. Very personal and genuine greetings. Flight attendants visible in cabin all through the flights. Comfortable seating good meals and inflight entertainment. The transit desk in Seoul takes some finding but once contacted provided faultless overnight arrangements on both occasions. In my experience their excellent reputation is well deserved.
Flew economy return with Asiana Airlines from Sydney to London with a stopover in Seoul. My family including a 6 and 8 year old were more than impressed. The cabin staff were attentive friendly and smiling. Food and drink very good my children were served first as this gave my husband and I enough time to assist with their meals before ours arrived. The children were kept entertained with the AVOD. The overnight stopover was great and fuss-free. We made our way to the Asiana desk at the airport and were ushered into a van and taken to our hotel for the night with vouchers for dinner breakfast and lunch.
SIN-ICN. Reading the reviews made me feel comforted to know that Asiana is a 5-star airline. And indeed live up to the name. Staff were all friendly ground and in the cabin especially having a 5-year-old cousin tagging around with an elderly in hand. Service was amazing and the FAs were undeterred by the language barrier and constantly gave a smile. Food was pretty good choice of drinks were small. IFE wasn't all that bad a wide choice of movies and songs. Seats were pretty hard but caught some sleep on the outward trip. Overall a memorable flight experience definitely comparable to Singapore Airlines which I strongly support.
Seoul to Seattle departed plane walked all the way to entry control and stewardess came running with my top coat in hand I had left it on my seat - a long way from getting off the plane to this point and with a smile on her face.
Hiroshima- Incheon-LHR. We got one Business and one economy ticket as we were flying with our 6 month old so we could swap and get some rest. Getting a basinet was no problem and facilities were great. Lounge in Hiroshima limited but not surprising for a small airport. It was nice to see proper business class seats on the A321 (rather than 3 economy seats with middle not used as in Europe). Staff extremely friendly available when needed and making a fuss of our son. Couldnt have been more helpful. Transfer at Incheon after the short flight was very quick though staff were rude at passport and baggage check (not easy rushing through when you have a kid and all the baggage). Lovely business lounge and there was a nice large baby changing and separate play area. To Heathrow service was fantastic always someone on hand and great food. Likewise staff remembered what you were drinking though always other options. Again our son was looked after well and staff were always keeping me smiling after about 100 laps of the plane when he wouldnt sleep! AVOD and plane were a bit dated though  its been a while since I havent had on demand. Didnt sleep so well as seats were a bit uncomfy in recline and engine noise seemed pretty loud on the 777-200. Obviously they are rolling out a new business cabin and looks like there are some A380s on order now. I look forward to seeing that product. Id give service 10 but cabin and entertainment 67.
October 2010 flew Heathrow to Hiroshima via Incheon  as Group Organiser and leader of 11 people (elderly British ex-servicemen who had served in the Kure City area of Japan at sometime between late 1945 to 1956 and wives). For our previous 11 such annual visits I had always used an alternative direct flight to Tokyo with a different airline. I found Asiana to be far superior in all respects with the possible exception of the on-board entertainment. The seating space food drinks were excellent as were the flight attendants and booking and transit arrangements. I am now organising a further tour for November 2011 and have had no hesitation in requesting Asiana as my preferred airline.
LAX-ICN. We traveled with a 2 year old which is never fun but fortunately he slept most of the flight. The food was was very good and selection of inflight entertainment impressive. We had a native English speaker FA she was fantastic and made sure we were comfortable all flight. I found the service even in economy to be top notch and the experience overall more then met my expectations.
JFK-ICN-CEB in Business. JFK-ICN in a 3-class 777 with angled lie flat seats. Swiss Lounge in JFK disappointing but everything onwards was perfect. Onboard was served a great 7 course meal then slept (seats better then most angled lie flat I've used). A further meal before landing. Impeccable service amazing food. Lounge in ICN is excellent gave me a pager to advise when the showers were free and had a great shower with many toiletries included. ICN- CEB very good crew introduced themselves after boarding. Another good meal.
BKK-ICN-SEA in Business class - 2 overnight flights. Fabulous great seat nice food excellent IFE lovely FAs. If only N American carriers could learn something from them!
LHR-ICN. Excellent service from check-in to landing. Seating food and service very good. slight complaint the inflight entertainment was not on-demand but on a loop with no idea when the films were to start. ICN-SYD very good with exception of entertainment as first flight. Return journey a repeat of the outward journey with exception of overnight stay in Seoul. This was part of the ticket and paid for by Asiana. Excellent 5-star hotel  although it is a one hour transfer time to Seoul. The management of the transfers was excellent and very smooth. I would thoroughly recommend Asiana Airlines based on my experience of the return trip to Sydney.
London - Saipan via Seoul. The food and the crew were outstanding. The space in the Economy seats is the best I have had in a long haul cabin and got some sleep. The inflight entertainment was disappointing - no video on demand on either of the long haul flights and only a main cabin screen Seoul - Saipan flights. There was a message on the looping system saying how long the films had been running for so you had to try and judge when the next batch would start. I was very glad that I had heard of the poor entertainment system before I left so I loaded up my laptop and smartphone with movies and TV shows. If there was guaranteed AVOD on the LHR-ICN route this would be a no brainer - but this lets down the rest of the Asiana product so badly. Seat food and service definitely 5-Star but entertainment system gets a 3-Star from me. Asiana nearly get top spot but unfortunately having flown Qatar Airways they win with their IFE.
Return business class flight with Asiana Airlines Heathrow - Sydney via Seoul. Not usually a business class traveller but due to distance etc thought we'd spoil ourselves. Have to say what a professional efficient outfit Asiana run. Inflight service was brilliant a joy to see cabin crew happy in their work. Nothing was too much trouble. Business class connoisseurs may comment that you don't have a flat bed (on these routes) but the fully adjustable reclining seat didn't disappoint and was found to be very comfortable. Inflight entertainment could be updated (which I'm sure it will be) but was more than adequate for our requirements. Menu was quite extensive which should cater for most tastes if not sandwiches/snacks and drinks were available all flight. The stopover in Seoul on return flight to Heathrow was not a problem although the journey into Seoul took some time in heavy Friday night traffic but then what's new. No complaint about the hotel booked by Asiana. All in all a very pleasurable experience at a sensible cost.
