Every time I fly United something happens to derail my trip or make my trip miserable. This trip we missed our connecting flight because we sat on the tarmack in Boston for an hour because they were having delays in loading luggage.  We missed our connecting flight by 10 minutes and are now stuck overnight in Denver. So let me see, they could have waited 5-10 minutes for us to make our scheduled flight, or not wait and pay hotel and food for two people. What kind of business sense is that? This was my last straw with United - I will avoid this airline at all costs. 
My experience took a full 2 days when it should have taken only 15 hours. My family was booked with Delta. Our route was from PSA-JFK-ORD which would be operated by a 757-200. That aircraft was broken so we were rebooked with Lufthansa on a flight that would have taken us to PSA-MUC-ORD. Our flight to Munich was supposed to take off at 1pm, we waited 5 hours until we could board. The flight to Munich was operated by Air Dolomiti, we had a 1 hour 40 minute layover and I had a window seat on the long haul flight so I was happy. The boarding process was fast. Once we had boarded one passenger decided that he wanted to get off the plane, that took an hour but the crew handed out refreshments and candy while we waited. When we took off we were 1 hour 20 minutes behind schedule and I knew that we had missed our flight. Our only hope was that it too was delayed (which it wasn't). When we arrived at MUC there were vans that would take people right to their connection from the plane. Unfortunately ORD was not among the destinations. We, after spending 5 hours in a small airport had go and spend another hour in line at the Lufthansa desk. We were booked on a flight the next day with United Airlines. The next day we went to the United check-in and everything went smoothly. After the security checkpoint we had to do three more passport checks and one more baggage check before we were in departure for the U.S. Here we waited for 1.5 hours with no seats. We still hadn't gotten our seats so when last call had begun we marched up to the gate and demanded them. On the flight we had an 80's television and some okay food, nothing special. The seats were uncomfortable and I didn't sleep one bit. We arrived on time only to find a large amount of international arrivals so the arrivals area was chaotic. In the Baggage Hall there were mountains and rows of luggage just taken off the conveyor belt just to make space for more arrivals. Then once the luggage came we had to wait for at least an hour to go through the last inspection and then we we were home free. 
Everytime I fly with this airline there is a 3 or more hour delay due to "awaiting aircraft." One time is was because the pilot was in a different city and had to get to Boston to fly out, which took 5 hours! Another time the plane was awaiting the crew which was coming from a different city apparently. Then the plane was just delayed leaving its first departure city and we were never told why just that as soon as it gets in we would be on our way. This is just ridiculous. First off I had a connection flight and was not notified of the delay. Secondly, they had no one at the desk to assist customers trying to find a new flight and when I finally found someone at a different gate, who was semi helpful, she informed me that the next flight out would be 15 mins before my new scheduled departure time. So in my experience this airline is all about delays if your current flight is coming from another city. I get it, things happen but this airline really needs to improve its punctuality. I only took this flight this time beacuse of my miles and I was disappointed again.
Delays were not announced to passengers in a timely manner and lack of assistance in order to accommodate or aide in booking other flights for customers to either reach their connecting flights or to their destinations was displeasing. The way the United Airlines handled my partner's luggage that was left behind at our originating destination was a stressful start to our trip. Upon arriving at the airport around 5.45pm to catch our 8.20pm flight, flight 5237, from Sacramento to Los Angeles, on Monday July 20 2015, we checked in promptly and breezed through security. We sat by the gate with a plane that sat there for as long as we had, little did we know this was our plane. By the time boarding came around, our flight was delayed for another hour, occurring multiple times for the next few hours. It was my hope that during the initial delay the service desk would help customers explore other options to reach connecting flights and/or destinations to avoid delays or issues upon arriving in Los Angeles. We were worried about missing our connecting flight the entire time. The second delay hits and people began to be frantic and changed flights. My party and I anxiously wondered if we were going to make our connecting flight or if we needed to rebook online. We called customer service a few times to inquire about alternative options but were never offered alternatives until hours later right before the last delay was lifted after 11am and needed to quickly decide on either taking the flight or flying out of another airport. I am baffled at the lack of customer service. My second and major complaint was the issue with our checked luggage getting left behind in Sacramento as we made our way to Cancun. We checked in before 6pm and sat at the terminal looking at the same airplane the entire time until we boarded it only to find out my luggage was never placed on the same plane. 
I have travelled to the USA on many occasions mainly to visit family and go on shopping sprees. I mainly use United Airlines as I always found them to have competitive prices and good baggage allowances. However on my last few trips the free baggage allowance was reduced from two bags to one. Last week my bag was only 4 lbs overweight and I was charged the enormous amount of $200. I realise that there are reasons for charging for overweight bags, but there are plenty customers who are overweight and are not charged extra for seats and there was also lots of youngsters travelling with 2 large pieces of hand luggage struggling to carry bags along the aircraft walkway. I think it's wrong that an average size and weight customer gets charged a huge amount for a 4lb overweight bag.
The brand of this airline is "Friendly". Well, I must say they are everything but friendly. Not a single smile in ground nor during the flight. No thank you, no complete sentences when they throw the food to the passengers like cattle. Rude, arrogant staff not speaking foreign languages. Any European airline, even the worst, is better than any American airline. At least nowadays.
We booked our family of four on a flight 7 months. After several flight number and times changes we just learned that our 8 and 7 year old have seats 10 rows away from us and each by themselves. We call 56 days before traveling and the only way we can make a change is is giving them more money or wait until the day of travel and rely on the kindness of stranges. Will never fly United again. .
United uses A320 on too many longer flights within the United States. They are annoying and uncomfortable. They "upgraded" their seats after merging with Continental which really means a downgrade. They crammed more seats on their airbus airplanes making legroom even more restricted. They removed all forms of entertainment from their fleet. I used to be able to listen to the radio in the armrests with my own headphones, but they removed them and I am incredibly bored, cannot get to sleep because of how uncomfortable the seats are now! They don't use the television screens that fold down anymore, they have incredibly rude and unhelpful employees. United Airlines is expensive for the quality of service you get. 
As a child our family always flew United. However, it has gotten progressively worse through the years to the point that I would rather pay a more for a ticket than fly United ever again. Our family of 5 (one of whom was a special needs daughter) was to fly from Buffalo to Chicago to San Francisco to Anchorage where we were to then start our Alaskan cruise. Upon arriving at Buffalo, the check in machine didn't work right. The lady behind the counter was nice enough but said she could not help us with gate-to-gate connection (e.g. passenger carts) as that was something "you didn't do" and simply didn't seem to care that we had a need. In Chicago we sat on the tarmack for almost an hour before we took off, causing us to get in late in SF for our connecting flight to Anchorage. We ran to our gate as best we could with our special needs daughter, saw our plane sitting at the gate, but weren't allowed to get on due to the gangway being pulled away from the plane already even though the United personnel told us, "Oh, we knew you were coming. We just couldn't wait for you."  To make matters worse United booked us on a flight to Anchorage for the next night. In the end we got flights on Alaska Airlines and got into Anchorage about 2:30am which allowed us time to sleep in our booked hotel room before making the trip to Seward by bus, getting us there in plenty of time to board our ship. Alaska Airlines personnel were superb in demeanor, helpfulness, and care, something that United personnel were seriously lacking. Our return trip from Vancouver, BC to Buffalo started out much differently than when we went. The staff in Vancouver were helpful and courteous. But once we got to Chicago, they were anything but! I think the personnel of United Airlines in the US could take a few lessons from those from our Vancouver neighbors. We have had other unacceptable experiences in the past with United Airlines but this one takes the cake and is really the one that put us over the edge. No more United Airlines for this family!
Since there is only one flight a day to Aguadilla PR from Newark we have taken this flight a number of times, it is always late. In January, the delay was due to "insufficient crew" this time, the almost 1.5 hour delay was due to "awaiting aircraft". This flight had incredibly cramped seats that are hard and have almost no recline. The pocket in fron of the seat was very low on the seat in front so that when I put my book in the pocket it bulged out so much that I had to keep my knees apart. The entertainment is only for a $7.99 fee per person, and there was only one offer of a four ounce cup of a liquid for the entire 3.5 hour flight. United planes are new so this uncomfortable seat situation is going to continue, I would avoid United if at all possible. Fares are also higher than other carriers.
We booked our family vacation months in advance and had chosen seat assignments at that time so my family could all sit together 4 of us going down 6 of us coming back. We get to the airport and go to talk to customer service prior to the flight to try and do a seat adjustment no one was there and they did not show until 10 min prior to boarding. The agent was very rude with my wife and refused to help and told her to talk to other passengers on the plane. We board the aircraft brand new to find that the seats were so close together that at 6 Feet tall my knees were in the seat in front of me and the entertainment system did not work. We board our second flight, I sit down and literally have the seat back cave in with an audible pop. The seats should have been replaced years ago by the time we got off the aircraft 5 hours later my wife and I could barley walk. Coming back and go to drop off the bags they had 6 lines going and one attendant, get our boarding passes and they had us divided up all over the aircraft, talked to the gate attendant his response we have been paging you and was very rude with us. I have a type one diabetic and a 3 yo that needs someone to ride with them, after fighting with them got it fixed meanwhile my other 2 children had to sit elsewhere on the plane and not with us. The trip home had two layovers and this same thing happened at every one. I watched one agent belittle another passenger over how to stow a bag without even offering to assist. Their customer service is awful, their only saving grace is the flight attendants were pleasant and friendly.
I was traveling to Las Vegas for a short 2 day trip with my family of 4. My flight was scheduled for around midday. Fifteen minutes before the flight my Dad received an email saying the flight was delayed until 2.30. I was annoyed but ok about the 2 hour wait. Then he received another email saying that the flight had been delayed until 9.15, this is unnacceptable as this was a 9 hour wait and we had different things booked in Las Vegas for my family to attend. We had recieved no apology until my Father went to customer services and we recieved different seats on our plane which didn't even make a difference. This inconvenience wasted a day of our trip and I certainly do not recommend flying with United Airlines.
On Sunday, June 14th, my family and a close friend took a flight from Newark Airport which should have connected in Toronto to a flight to Dublin, Ireland. Unfortunately, because the Captain of the flight did not turn up for his passengers, the flight was delayed for approximately 3 hours. (United Airlines staff in Newark informed us that this was the reason why we were delayed.) This was not a weather-related incident. In any event, this delay caused us (and others, I believe) to miss the connection in Toronto. We were not rebooked to another flight. Instead I was told that all of United's flights that night and following day were "oversold". I asked if we could fly home and was told that that would take days as well. The customer service rep in Toronto was particularly nasty and actually slowed down the entire process by training a new employee while talking to us. It should be noted, that I was traveling with my 5 year old daughter who had not eaten for many hours and the slow processing and communications by this rep meant that nearly all of the shops and restaurants in the airport had closed down for the night. I asked if we could be put on another airline and was told that this was 'not allowed'. I also asked if we could get a flight somewhere near Dublin and was only offered a flight to Turkey or Frankfurt the next night. The rep did not offer hotel vouchers or food vouchers or any practical resolution, but only intentionally took her time scanning flights. The employee finally got us a flight to London the next night and rooms in the adjacent hotel. If we had not fought for hours, late at night, we would have been left to sleep in the chairs of the airport with my 5 year old daughter. While I am grateful that we finally were able to get on another flight - to London, then Dublin through British Airways - we missed 2 days of our trip. Coming home we had another ordeal with United. The return flight which was changed to a departure in Dublin to Washington D.C. and then, on to LaGuardia was actually worse. While turbulence cannot be helped, one of the flight attendants hit her head. This meant that paramedics had to care for the attendant first, which delayed our flight and caused us to miss our flight home. I had to rent a car to get home. I will never fly United again.
On my e-confirmation it clearly states “meal”. After about an hour in the air I asked the FA when meal service would begin, I was told there was no meal service on this flight. No sense to question her about what my confirmation states and what happens as it is out of her control. However, it does state on the website, in-flight services, Business/Business First, Meals and beverages: Pre-departure beverage service Complimentary beverages, including beer, wine, spirits, soft drinks and freshly brewed coffee Meal service on flights longer than two hour - my flight was nearly 3 hours. The next leg, while I was sitting in the cabin and freezing, I asked for a blanket, and was told there are no blankets on this flight. It was the usual poor attitude FA’s present on the regional jets. For a long time I was a loyal customer.
My entire experience with United this weekend was a total disaster. To begin, my flight from Denver to Bend on Friday night was cancelled last minute due to no availability of pilots. They actually scanned our boarding passes in and had us lined up ready to get on the plane just to have us turn around and go back inside to later find out our flight would be cancelled. We then had to fly to Eugene instead, rent a car, and drive 2.5 hours to get to our destination (Bend). Then, I was told my bag would arrive at our place of stay the next morning. I did not receive my bag until 7pm on the 17th. Then, as if this wasn't enough to deal with on our way there, my flights coming home were a disaster as well. We had to return our rental car to Redmond rather than Eugene as that's where our flight was leaving on Sunday. Then, the flight from Redmond to Denver was "overweight" due to temperatures in the area. We had to wait until 5 people volunteered to change flights before our flight could leave. I get to Denver only to find out my flight from Denver to SLC was delayed. Not to mention, I already had a 3 hour layover and this delay made it 4+ hours. The flight continued to get delayed and didn't end up leaving Denver until about 1am. I did not get home until 3am. I am completely upset with my entire United experience and will not be flying United again. The customer service was awful. None of the employees even knew what was going on and when approached with a question they were unbelievably disrespectful.
Flight cancelled due to maintenance! United and American follow a breakdown maintenance policy which causes a lot of inconveniences to passengers. This is the fourth time in a few months that this happened to me with United as well as AA. I tried United and American as an alternative for Delta but they cannot compete. 
Never have I seen such laziness and attitude from a flight crew. We were supposed to fly from Newark to St. John's, but we had to turn around due to "weather". I then checked the weather, it was mainly cloudy. No weather whatsoever. Then, when we landed in Newark, we had to wait in line for an hour, then we finally got seats on a plane the next morning, and we stayed at the Marriott Newark. The next morning, our flight was pushed 7 times. Yes, 7 times, because the runway was "wet" until it finally got cancelled. I had to wait in line for 3 hours until someone booked me another flight connecting with Air Canada, which is an excellent airline. Never have I had any problems with Air Canada. This is the first and last time I will be flying with United Airlines.
First of all there is absolutely no leg room on United airplanes. I'm not a very tall fellow standing only 5 feet and 10 inches tall and I still had hardly any leg room. Plus, I'd rather sit in a metal folding chair instead of the seats that United has. About halfway through the flight the attendant starting offering drinks. She offered a drink to both the other people in my row and then looked me in the eye and kept on going without offering me a drink. I had asked her in a loud enough voice so she could hear me as to why she didn't offer me a drink and all she told me was I needed to keep my voice down. Then she kept on walking.
Nice stewardesses but terrible flight, very uncomfortable seats and cramped airplane. Plus, they charged me an extra $100 for excess baggage while I had only 2 bags and was traveling overseas. They told me well you can have 2 bags for overseas but you are traveling in the US right now so you have to pay and mind you all their flights are going to be within US first before going to Europe where I was going however no where I was told about this. So in effect, they charge you $100 more for the ticket without telling you up front. Oh wait, yes they tell you in a fine print somewhere in the 3 page document. However, I have traveled with many other airlines and none did that to me.
I paid an extra $52 to upgrade my seat. The staff were not overally friendly. The two ladies that were in charge of first class were needless to say unpleasant and just had an attitude about them is the nicer way of saying it. I went to the washroom in first class because the line up was very long at the back of the plane, and since I was sitting right behind first class and no one was using the washroom at the time I decided to go use it. As soon as I walked up to use the washroom I got dirty glares from both female flight attendants, one which said you cannot use this washroom and I kindly explained how the line was extremely long at the back of the plane. She proceeded to let me use the washroom after rolling her eyes at me. I have never had a good flight ok United or Air Canada. They are rude and disrespectful and I'm not the first one to say that.
This flight was originally scheduled to leave Tulsa on the 10th and return on the 17th. With no explanation of any kind the flight was cancelled. I was forced to rebook both flight and hotel based on leaving on the 8th. On the 8th the plane was 2.5 hours late leaving Tulsa and part of that time was spent sitting on tarmac. We missed connection in Denver. We were then placed on standby for a flight scheduled to arrive in Denver at approximately 3.00 pm. That flight was delayed over 3 hours! We discovered it had been oversold so the odds of making that flight were nil. We were forced to rent a car and drive 5 hours to Gunnision. The return trip was worse, if thats possible. The flight was scheduled to leave at noon. The first announcement was that flight was delayed. Then flight was cancelled - allegedly on the basis of mechanical problems. We were able to determine that the plane in question was still flying and headed for its next destination-leaving Gunnison passengers stranded. We were agin forced to drive to Denver to catch a Southwest flight leaving at 9 pm. The worst single travel experience I have ever endured. 
Flight was originally supposed to take off at 5.45pm. We finally boarded flight at 6pm due to the pilot being late. We sat on plane for 35mins before pilot arrived and once he did he explained that we were now on rush hour time at O'Hare, so we will be waiting another 20 min before takeoff. It is is 6.50pm and we have not taken off.
My flight was delayed which caused me to miss my connection in San Francisco to Baltimore. When I inquired about new arrangements I was told they would fly me to DC and it was up to me to get home from their. I asked if they would put me in a cab to get back to my car at BWI and was told no. United informed me that all the hotels were booked up. No apology. No remorse. No empathy. Then the plane I was taking to DC was delayed. 
United changed our outbound flights to our vacation destination so we missed 1/2 day vacation. Return, cancelled our flight from Newark to Detroit. Yes, gave us a room, and a whopping $14.00 for food and booked us on a flight to get us to Detroit 24 hrs later. Cost us additional parking, 1 full day of eating in airports, and a full day not spent with Family as planned. I will never again fly United if it is up to me. 
You just spent $1800 on a Economy R/T flight to Spain. The initial snack was a small piece of cheese and two crackers. The meal hours later was bland tasteless turkey loaf, canned over cooked green beans, puree sweet potato, brick mango sorbet. Remember you paid $1800 dollars for this. 2 hours out of SFO on the return flight breakfast was served. A small sandwich arrives. It is extremely cold, practically frozen. One small slice of cheese and ham. Interestingly the outer wrapping states: warmable! Remember, this is a $1800 flight. Few fellow passengers are thrilled with this breakfast treat. What is wrong with this picture? Would you fly United if this happened to you?
First flight from Tampa to Houston was delayed by only a few minutes. But by the time we got off the plane to run down to our connecting flight, we were alerted (via the schedule boards, not staff) that our flight to Portland suddenly had a 4.5 hour delay. It was 8.30 by this time, so by the time the plane had arrived (late) and let its current passengers disembark (which was not guided), they made an announcement that there was no flight crew for the plane and that the flight had been cancelled. What kind of company works this way? A completely full flight, not only shows up hours behind schedule, but all of the sudden has no crew? Complete blasphemy. Rude attendants. And not to mention lack of organizational skills. Never planning on flying this airline ever again, even though I signed up for their loosely promised rewards system. Not to mention the maze of an airport we got lost in just trying to find a taxi! Absolutely terrible. 
This is probably the worst airline I've flown. No entertainment, only a drink and peanuts and the worst service I have seen. The seats had little legroom and were very uncomfortable. This was a very disappointing experience, and I would not recommend this airline short-haul.
I am sitting on the floor at gate 52 as a standby with my family to get on the plane. My 6 year old son is laying on his father because there is nowhere to get a proper rest. I understand the weather has been bad in Denver but we were in the customer service line for 2.5 hours after we missed our connecting flight due to the flight being diverted to Cheyenne Wyoming due to need of fuel and to get back to Denver airport took additional 2 hours. Everything was shut down by the time we were done with customer service and all hotels were fully booked, mind you its 12.00 midnight, how to get transportation to any hotels - no such arrangements were done by the airline. I did not mind paying for hotel out of my pocket but at least give proper directions or some guidance to help the people who were diverted not only due to weather but also due to low fuel. The hostess was so rude when my son asked for some water and was sent to his seat and told that they would be serving in  few minutes. My 6 year old had been asking for water since we sat down on the plane, and only asked over 50 minutes. Total disregard for a little child. 
Stuck at Chicago airport waiting, and waiting, for my flight to Toronto. I will be bypassing United's cheap two or three-leg fares in future. In fact, I will be bypassing United altogether. Totally unreliable. Each of my three flights in the past 12 hours has been delayed extensively.
The ticket was quite cheap. But the price you pay for that is a three-leg journey. Reading United reviews I was worried about on-time departures and making connections. Sure enough. United was late leaving Salt Lake City, late leaving Los Angeles and I will miss my connection in Chicago, arriving much later in Toronto. Its just as well I didn't check in luggage. There is no such thing as a cheap ticket.
On our connecting flight they had to change the plane and 46 people lost their seats. The lucky ones who did not lose their seats ended up having a seat change. They boarded over 30 minutes late. My husband and I were separated because they allowed other passengers to take our seats. When trying to get seats near each other the stewardess didn't even attempt to fix the problem and basically told us that we could take a mother away from her kids to sit next to each other. Poor customer service, terrible timeliness, and complete lack of communication and urgency. If I could give this airline a zero rating, I would.
When I was leaving from Denver to Houston it was during the national glitch. I couldn't check my bag because I was one minute past the time of being able to check my bag, they had to switch my flight to a later time. Then it was delayed. My gate had been changed. I walked to the new gate. The staff at the gate told me it was back at the other one, so I walked back and forth trying to figure out which gate I was at. Now leaving Houston to Denver, I got here at 5am, my gate was changed and my flight was delayed 2 hours, my original flight was at 7am and now it is at 9.35am so I don't get home until 11am or so.
My son and I took a trip to New York leaving out of Shreveport and connecting in Houston. Not one time did the flights leave on time. Then on the return trip home, the flight attendant at the entrance of the plane was letting people on in groups. She sent my 9 year old son with a group in front of me. When I tried to tell her he was my son and didn't know where to go, she begrudgingly told me to "go on then", then went on to say "it isn't like he's going anywhere anyway". I told her I didn't like her attitude at all, and instead of being a professional, she continued to try to start an argument with me. Talk about lousy customer service. Will never fly United Airlines again. 
Staff were unfriendly and rude. Delayed leaving Dulles and delayed returning to Dulles. I am going to avoid flying United if at all possible.
Very disappointed, arrived at airport at 6am for a 8am flight with a family of 9ppl only to find out that the plane was delayed till 10am and didn't actually leave till 11am, not pleasant when traveling with children. Our little one got sick on the flight and there were no bags, it looked like the plane had not even been properly cleaned before our delayed flight. I would also think that after having people waiting such a long period of time that they would offer something other than a beverage on the plane, they didn't even seem to have coffee for the travelers when the flight finally left. A very disappointing and stressful travel day.
I flew on 6/13/15 from Kansas City to Detroit. Due to the bad weather the flight that was supposed to leave KC at 6.10pm didn't board until close to 7.30pm. The customer representative asked that people who had group 4/5 to please check in their bag since there would be no room on the aircraft. When I boarded there was at least 5 lockers that were empty, more than enough space to fit my tiny carry-on bag. After we boarded the captain announced that we would have to wait another 30/40 mins. When we reached Chicago Airport they couldn't give us a gate so we waited in the aircraft for another 30/45 mins. I got a message on my phone that my connecting flight had already departed and re- booked me on a 2.15 pm flight the next day. When I finally got to talk to a customer representative I told her my situation and that I had to get to Detroit, she was kind enough to book me on an American Airlines flight. By the time I got done doing all these things it was almost 1am, almost all stores/restaurant were closed. 
The initial flight Montreal-Chicago-Denver was re-routed through Washington because of weather in Chicago on the way to Denver. Because the flight was re routed, my return flight from Denver to Montreal was cancelled without any advice sent.  The lack of respect for individuals, their time, agenda, obligations, etc, is frankly annoying.
Just the worst company we have been flying with during our world tour. This is the only time in 10 years that we have seen such overbooking. You have to pay for everything, the seats canot be booked and couples are split up. Staff seem lazy and unpleasant. And of course there are delays. We put 1/10 because 0 is not possible.
They do not offer family boarding. I was traveling with my five-month-old infant and had her strapped to my chest. I asked if I could get someone to help me with my bag she said that I should check it. I said I just needed assistance putting it in the overhead bin. No help. When I boarded I ask the flight attendant to please help me, she just looked at me and asked why is your bag heavy? I said no I have a baby strapped to my chest. She just kept staring at me and finally a male passenger helped me.
I had an awful experience today. I showed up two hours before my flight to check in and check my bags. While we were checking in the system went offline. We were unable to print out our bag tags, along with maybe over 50+people. I tried to ask attendants for help, and they kept sending me to other people. Clearly a lack of training on their part. When I asked a blue shirt baggage attendant, she said it was most likely because I didn't have funds. Very uncalled for. 50+ people felt the same way. As the lines became longer they started to manually check in bags at "Additional Services". The staff were very engaging with only themselves. United waved their baggage fee, because all of our flights were delayed due this unfortunate event. Apparently this also happened 6 weeks ago. When we arrived to Punta Cana, our bags never arrived. When I contacted customer service, they said they had no idea where our bags were. Will not be using their services again.
Never in my life have I had so many delays. Also, their system has some sort of glitch today so apparently that means that had to cancel a ton of flights and delay many others. I'm in the military and needed to be home by midnight because that's when my leave ended, no one could help accommodate me and the people at the check in counter were not very friendly. I will never fly United again.
This entire trip has been a fiasco. My first flight was 4 hours late, and my second flight 3 hours late. Communication to the travelers was either inaccurate or non existent. The Newark gate representative was yelling at another customer when I approached the kiosk, and was belligerent. I think that UA could have taken more care to have a plane, or crew, or whatever available as promised. I paid my fare on time.
Flight at 5.21pm was cancelled due to scheduled maintenance, which I understand. What I don't understand is why there wouldn't be another aircraft in use if they knew there was a flight scheduled. Then departure was scheduled for another flight 3 hours later at 9.00pm. Three hours later arrived, but still no sign of an aircraft. Now, the reason for an additional 2 hour and 5 minute delay was "a late inbound aircraft coming from OH". They can't figure out what is going on, maintenance or a late inbound aircraft? The original departure at 5:21pm turned into a departure of 11.00pm. I call customer service and the rep was rude, didn't let me finish talking before she cut me off and didn't listen to my questions. I forgot that I disliked flying with United. I last flew w/them 7 years ago and was so upset at the lack of organization, delayed flights, small and uncomfortable seats and poor service by the staff. I vow to never fly with United ever again!
I arrived at the airport too early and had to wait to check in. This was my fault. The lounge was great and I was able to have a nice breakfast. The flight attendants were fine, the seat was comfortable and the lunch, I had the beef, was excellent. I woke up after a quick nap and the fasten seatbelt sign was on and stayed on for the last six hours of the flight. The arrival snack was rather disappointing, a piece of bread with tomato sauce and some fruit. Thirty minutes before landing, the pilot finally came on and said, the fasten seatbelt sign is on and prepare for landing. 
I have a huge problem with United overbooking flights. We arrived at the Durango airport 1 hour before our flight and were told the flight was overbooked and we could not board. There were available seats, but they were upgrades so we would have to pay the additional cost. That doesn't make sense to me. United sells more economy tickets than there are economy seats on the plane and then expects me to either pay more money to fly or spend the night, at my expense, in Durango. They should have just given us the seats. My son was on a flight leaving Durango after ours for Denver and because of delays missed his connecting flight for Oklahoma. After waiting in a line where passengers were receiving hotel vouchers, he was told in a very matter of fact tone that he did not qualify for a voucher. He eventually got his voucher but he did not need to go through what he went through to get it.
I have recently flown to Guadalajara (Mexico) with United from Tokyo. NRT-IAH was on a Boeing 777 The seat has nothing to do with any modern airliner seat. Its comfort is at the limit of acceptance level, all they provide is a foldable tray which does not even have a glass holder. There is the latest in-flight entertainment system which comes actually with a very small screen. It hung 3 times while watching movies. One more time, it is relatively new but not comparable with modern systems. The service on board (if it can be called service) was the worst service I have had in the last 10 years. The crew were not polite, and didn't ask once anything like "Can I offer you something to drink?" instead they look at you without saying anything, until you say what you want. If you are not fast enough they are gone. IAH-GDL was on Embraer RJ145 I wonder how they can operate this route with such small airplane when GDL airport is able to handle bigger airplanes. You can't even stand up on this plane. Overall, my review is totally negative. It is like going back 30 years. Never again.
I flew from Tulsa to Houston to Veracruz all on the same plane with the same crew. The flight attendant was great, but no one on the crew spoke any Spanish. We circled Vera Cruz two times and couldn't land because of weather. We landed in Tampico and 90% of the passengers did not know what was going on because all the announcements were in English!  2 hours later we got fuel and tried again to land in Vera Cruz, we landed in Acapulco at 4am. Basically a 3 hour flight turned into a frustrating scary 21 hours, ending in me purchasing another one way flight and not being refunded. United seems unorganized and incompetent. Why would you send a plane to Mexico with a crew who know no Spanish.
Sitting in the airport flight is now 1.5 hours late. All but 1 United flight in this terminal are hours late. Weather is great, rep can't give a reason for these outrageous delays, "we are waiting for the aircraft". Consumer be warned, avoid United.
I was supposed to leave at 11 am to Dallas connect to RS, instead waited for 10 hours in LA airport, then I was sent to San Francisco, waited 4 hours for a flight to Chicago and from there to Fort Myers. The trip was over 24 hours. The say it's the weather but really I think they overbooked. The planes have the most uncomfortable seats. Talk about a nightmare!
Without question, the most unhelpful ground staff that I have encountered and I travel almost weekly both internationally and domestically. The aircraft cabin crew were great. The aircraft was an old (very old!) Boeing 767-300, and the "Premium Economy " seats were a joke. The aircraft was delayed by 3 hours in Newark because of "the inbound aircraft not being available" and when the aircraft finally did arrive, it developed a "computer fault" that further delayed departure by another hour. What I found incredibly frustrating was the complete lack of customer service by United staff at Newark. They obviously view customers as a hindrance. Never again. 
Crew were rude and unhelpful. The aircraft they use for a 10-hour flight from São Paulo to Washington barely has any entertainment system - its just a bunch of tiny TV sets with a fixed programme. I could perhaps be a little more understanding if the ticket prices were lower than the average, which they're not! To top this experience, my connecting flight was delayed 4 hours, was overbooked and not a penny was offered for food or anything. 
The employee demanded she check our bags claiming there was no room on the aircraft when we weren't even done boarding. They then let everyone board the plane, leave us sitting there for about 20 minutes only to tell us the flight was cancelled. A stewardess came on the intercom and told us that they knew 2 hours before boarding that the crew was going to time out but management wouldn't allow them to cancel the flight until after everyone boarded! We were then told that the next flight out wasn't until 9.40 the next morning leaving us stranded in Washington overnight. We were told that all hotels in the area were booked but then found out they were giving away rooms to others. The employees were joking around about getting to go home and sleep while we all got to sleep in the airport. 
2.5 hours waiting in line for the customer service desk for United Airlines, becuase my earlier flight was canceled because of "bad weather". I finally got to the desk to be told I would have too wait another 25 hours. I am currently waiting and I am on standby. I will not be traveling with United again.
Flight on my way from Jacksonville to Washington (final destination Italy) was cancelled for 17 hrs due to weather. Then on my flight back from Chicago to Jax another 3 hr delay. The flight attended brushed off as if I was ridiculous about making a fuss since "people wait 8 hrs for flights Miss".  I don't pay $2000 round trip for over 20 hrs of cancellations and delays : will avoid this airline if at all possible!
Flew out of HNL to SFO on a tired Boeing 777-200 with no seatback videos. The boarding is similar to Southwest as you line up in group numbers. The problem is that we paid for an economy plus seat and still had to wait at the end to board. The flight crew was average but what upset me was that a poor woman with limited English asked the flight attendant for some water so she could take medication before take off. She was pointing at what she needed in the galley and the flight attendant screamed at her and threatened her with disembarkation. For a five hour Pacific crossing all we got was one drink service and food purchase which is unacceptable. After a four hour stopover we boarded again with the same procedure. Once we got on our way the flight attendants provided their usual sub standard service. However, as this was a single aisle aircraft some passengers needed to go the bathroom and with drink service going on the access to the bathroom was restricted. The flight attendants in first class made sure that the economy passengers stayed in their section.  All I can say is that flying domestically is more or less not worth it. Luckily, majority of my trip including two flights on Air New Zealand who treated their passengers with respect and were not afraid to offer complimentary food and drinks. It is sad that Continental Airlines got eaten up by United. As long as I can remember the service on United has been average and the nickname untidy is well earned.
On both flights from Australia to San Francisco and Los Angles to Sydney I wish to state the overall lack of enthusiasm forthcoming from flight attendants. The attendants have been on the job too long, and this was reflected in the lack of friendly service. I would suggest United flight attendants, attend a refresher course on friendly and enthusiastic service to its travelling customers, it is badly needed.
If you are expecting a lot of delays and maintanence repairs head on over to United. I will never fly with them again. All my flights both ways had problems and I eventually had 4 hours delayed and not because of weather. After waiting 4 hours because they kept pushing the time back we eventually had to move to a different plane because of maintenance problems! Very inconvenient for the people having to get me at 4.30 am.
Terrible airline. Encountered rude and unhelpful staff at the airport terminal as well as during the flight. No headphones for the first 20 minutes. Incorrect meal choice. No in-flight wifi. 
Economy Plus for an international flight is a joke. Just a few more inches of space, which is a little better than Coach. The Boeing 747 was old and worn. The senior flight crew were rude and service was terrible. They seemed to wish they were anywhere but on the plane. The food was terrible, unless you wanted to purchase food. The newly upgraded international service included boxed wine (horrible) and an appetizer to enjoy with your beverage. However, the appetizer was a cracker and a piece of cheese and that was served with the dessert. No IFE except for fixed cabin screens, but they pride themselves in offering you free wifi to watch United Airlines inflight entertainment. Problem is, it was not available for about 75% of the flight. I have flown Business on United Airlines which wasn't bad (if you were fortunate enough to get a pleasant crew). But never again in Economy Plus.
In addition to my 600.00 round trip ticket, I paid an addituonal 50.00 for bag fees (which I expected) and an additional 160.00 for a seat assignmemt before the flight to avoid being pushed to standby. The absolute worst customer service and apathetic staff I have ever seen. 
Denver to Calgary, I had checked two of my bags online the night before, and on arriving at the bag drop they proceeded to try and charge me an additional $500 US. I was checking three bags, my suitcase was under 50lbs, my boot bag which is usually checked in conjunction as one bag with my ski bag, and my ski bag. The lady helping me, who was trying very hard to try and lower the price, ended up knocking it down to about $300 US. Part of this issue was that they charged me for oversize and overweight for my ski bag. Most airlines charge a base $100 and the weight doesn't matter unless it's over the 70lbs max weight. Another lady working had rudely told me that I was not allowed to have three pairs of skis in my bag, even though there was nothing I could do about it. She "let it slide" and charged me instead. There was no in-seat entertainment or Wi-Fi on board.
UA did get me safely from Vancouver to Quito and back again, but that was about the best I can say about the experience. I found  rudeness characterizes how UA treats its customers. For example, it was clearly printed on my e-ticket that prepared meals would be provided, but what they do not say is that you first have to ask about the meal (flight staff never mentioned that food was even available), and then you are told to look at the menu if you want to purchase any food. The same goes for WiFi which they claimed was available, but did not work even on a flight within the mainland US. As for entertainment, I am sure that you could have a great selection, but they charge you for watching everything and anything, including TV programmes. Inflight staff were rude beyond belief. Aside from behaving as though they were doing you a favour by even noticing that you were on the flight, several of the staff would openly talk about and complain about passengers within hearing distance of the passengers themselves. I have flown on some of the European discount airlines such as EasyJet, but I would gladly take 4 EasyJet flights to get to a destination than ever fly with United.
I left for Detroit on a SIN-HKG-ORD-DTW flight on 7 June 2015. The two legs to HKG and ORD were fine, in fact, I arrived a hour ahead of schedule in ORD, giving me a comfortable 3 hours transit. The incoming aircraft for my connection ORD-DTW came in a hour late, and by then we were caught in the storm and flights were grounded. We boarded the aircraft twice, and were told to deplane. Eventually the flight was cancelled. A 3:50pm flight to get me from ORD to DTW, I was still in ORD at 930pm. I can't get my checked bag as there is no procedure for that, and it will be on the next flight out to my final destination. We were given discounted hotel coupons, and I was rebooked on a 4:07pm flight the following day. As it was only 4 hours by bus from Chicago to Detroit, I decided to take mega-bus rather than to fly, and thank goodness I did that, because the rebooked flight on the next day was again cancelled due to air control issues! My bag actually arrived at Detroit earlier than I did, and I had to make a trip to the Detroit airport to get it. My woes didn't end. 10 days later, I was going to get back to Singapore from Reagan (DCA-ORD-HKG-SIN). At Reagan, I couldn't check-in, because my entire itinerary was cancelled. I didn't get a reason for the cancellation, and got rebooked on the same itinerary. Alright never mind that I have middle seat for all 20 hours flight. At ORD, I tried to see if there are other seats available at the gate, and the staff was very rude, and unhelpful. "There are only middle seats available, what do you expect me to do?". She did not even try to look at my tickets. If she had, she would have seen that I got rebooked on economy plus, and telling me that would have made me feel better about the 15 hours flight. Onboard the plane, I was lucky, and only the aisle seat on the row behind me was occupied, and I was able to have a restful flight on a window seat. Why was the staff at the gate not willing to even look at my ticket? She didn't even look at her screen to check. 
This was very much a bare boned flight. There was no in-flight entertainment. At the last minute, as part of the closing doors announcement, the flight attendant announced that entertainment was only available through the United app, which she stated should be downloaded while we were on the ground. I'm fairly certain there was a charge for the entertainment, plus a charge for the necessary wifi connection. The premium economy was okay. It did have extra legroom and more recline (my big issue) than regular economy seats, but the width was barely adequate. And the aisles seem to have gotten narrower since I last flew on a plane. The only food available was for sale. It felt like the old time trains with someone hawking food and drinks throughout the trip.
The boarding was ordered. The airplane was shabby with extensive signs of wear and tear. The seat was dirty and sticky, but relatively comfortable. No PTV. Asked for the advertised sparkling wine but was told they don't have it and instead was given cheap white wine in minuscule plastic glass. Twenty minutes after boarding we were told that there is mechanical problem with the aircraft and were told to go to customer service. Since it was almost midnight, there was only 1 customer service representative for almost 300 passengers. Called their call center and was given last seat on the last flight departing LAX this night. It was economy middle seat in the rear part of the aircraft. Missed my connection to CMH in ORD. Customers service in ORD is awful. Representatives are not competent and are arrogant. Was told by one representative that no flight to CMH available today. When insisted (I am a Gold Premier) they found me seat on American flight but told me that I need to pay 374$ for this 50 min flight. I refused, and asked them to put me on the next available flight which was departing 12 h later. They refused to give me a hotel voucher or meal voucher. I went to customer service in the terminal 3 and they gave seat on flight that was scheduled to depart 8 h later but put me on the waiting list. I waited 4 hours at the gate and finally there was a seat on one of the flights. I wonder how this company is continuing their business with such an awful customers service, unreliable aircrafts and such a bad treatment of their loyal customers.
An old plane with a very poor entertainment screen. The system had to be rebooted several times and then the film didn't run smoothly. If this were a budget airline, then they'd be doing fine, but it's not. Cabin staff were sometimes friendly but overall I had the impression that they were just doing their job. I just thought they weren't really that professional compared to other airlines. United Airlines have some catching up to do if they can.
As a loyal United Airlines customer, with Global Service status for years, that following experience has helped me realize United neither values my business nor cares about my experience with their company. On May 29th my direct flight from Dulles to Kuwait was diverted to Istanbul. The pilots timed out and passengers were stranded for over 12 hours in Istanbul- with no Turkish visas nor United staff to re-book and assist with hotels (United has no service in Istanbul, agents were eventually flown in from the Middle East). Indeed diversions are neither planned nor pleasant; however, passengers anticipated United would have had a contingency protocol in place for such events. After being left to fend for ourselves, and spending hours on the phone (international roaming) with customer care, passengers finally reached Kuwait the following day to ultimately learn that the remainder our respective original itinerary were canceled meaning onward travel and return flights to the US had to be re-booked. Shockingly, United did not apologize for the inconvenience and (as of today- eg. 23 days later) has not offered to reimburse visa-on-arrival fees in Turkey nor the international roaming fees passengers encountered while trying on the phone with United’s “Customer Care” team. Furthermore, all passengers paid for the flight from Dulles to Kuwait, boarded the flight from Dulles to Kuwait, and apparently since United diverted to Istanbul, zero miles for the Dulles to Kuwait leg will be applied to passengers’ account as credit toward their annual status - seems unfair if United accepted the payment for the flight and we all boarded the flight. After over a dozen conversations with “Customer Care” leading all the way up to the Senior Manager for Global Services, I am deeply disappointed to say the agreed upon follow-up that was supposed to occur 5 days ago has not. The Senior Manager did have one of his subordinates send an e-mail stating they will be in contact as soon as they reach a conclusion to my request. Wouldn’t it have been nice to receive a message stating “Thank you again for continued business and patience, we value your business and as a customer and respectfully offer our apologies for the inconvenience, reimbursement for the incurred expenses, and credit of the earned miles” ? 
Domestic First Class/International Business Class, ORD-EWR-MXP. Purposely booked a 2 hour connection at EWR given United's timeliness issues as of late. United changed the flights shortening the connection to 1hr 20. Called and had changed to a 3:25 hour connection. Stated I did not trust United with the shorter connection despite it being legal when challenged and the agent made the change without further comment. The outbound flight was late due to weather. Unfortunately all other EWR flights were showing on time as was the departure to MXP. Little communication from gate staff in Chicago. Arrived over 3 hours late in EWR with departure to MXP showing on time. After a sprint to the connecting gate, the MXP departure pushed back multiple times and we finally boarded about an hour an a half late. Typical ‘old United’ flat bed which I like better than the Continental flat bed as it seems to have more leg room. Pillows and blankets have been upgraded. Ordered my meal on a tray in one go so I could sleep and all but dessert was delivered when everyone else was getting their first course. Food was decent, much better than old United. IFE is sparse with less content than a few years ago but I have gotten in the habit of bringing my own and the power at the seat kept everything charged. Cabin staff basically disappeared once the meal was served – no one coming through or replenishing water. They appeared about 1:30 before landing for the breakfast service. We arrived about an hour late but the bags were delivered in a fairly timely manner and all of the bags arrived. My return was cancelled and I ended up on Lufthansa all of the way back. Much better, especially seat comfort and reliability, except for the food which I always find a bit odd on LH. Frankly, I am starting to pick other airlines when I am in business class and I have the choice. In my opinion, United has become very undependable, both from a timeliness and baggage delivery standpoint, since the merger. Much of the US hub counter staff is now outsourced and they are of little help when something goes wrong. The hard product and service is average to slightly below average. Economy Plus on UA is still great value but I am starting to avoid United when flying on an expensive ticket or an itinerary requiring connections.
Terrible plane for that long a flight, Too small - Too noisy! Boeing 737-900 Like most U.S. carriers = the flight attendants are average at best! They spend most of their time socializing with each other and not providing service to passengers. Flying today is just a glorified bus! Passengers are partially to blame, but the airlines are mainly to blame - Baggage fees, paying for meals and drinks, paying for more leg room "economy plus". Planes are dirty! Also, United has changed its Frequent Flyer Program and is no longer #1 in my opinion! Loyalty is no longer rewarded. It is all how much you spend for a flight!
I flew from Sacramento to San Antonio through Denver for my sisters funeral. Not the best time to be delayed by a full hour and have to rush to the next flight just to make it before doors were closed. They excused themselves saying it was the weather. But here it is 3 weeks later flying home and not only was my first flight delayed but so was my second flight. There was no room for all the luggage and people had to put 5hem under the plane. While I am delayed my spouse is driving 3 hours to wait an hour. I had to feed my children in the airport expensive cheap food. Never again will I fly United. They need to quit booking flights till they can get their seating under control and their flights timed right. They need to get their act together big time..
We were due to fly from Orlando to Washington yesterday. The first flight was cancelled due to bad weather. We were offered a later flight which was late, but assured by United customer service personnel that the Manchester flight knew we were coming as we would make it. I ran from one flight to the other, arrived 10 mins before take off to be told we would not be allowed on the aircraft, which was standing on the tarmac. We then waited in line 2 hours 40 minutes at United customer services to be told all flights to Europe were full and we were booked on separated seats on the flight 24 hours later with no hotel, just 21 dollars of food vouchers. Never again!
On May 21, 2015, four passengers from my family traveled from Atlanta (USA) to Chennai (India) via EWR and ZRH by United Airlines. We each carried one small carry on bag. The airline refused to allow any of our carry on bag. We were carrying several prescribed medicines and one casual dress to use if there was any unexpected flight delay/cancellation. The airline reps were telling us that there is no space to put any carry on baggage. We begged them to allow at least 1 small carry on baggage instead of 4 carry on bags as we are international passengers and they refused it. They were so rude. They even threaten to call police, if we don't follow their instruction to check in the carry on bags. They were even forcing us to reschedule our international travel to with our carry on baggage. Finally, we did our international travel without any carry on baggage. We make international trips every year for the past 30+ years and United Airlines is the first airline that has forced us to do international travel without a carry on bag. 
Nickled and Dimed to death in First Class. I purchased First Class Tickets from Honolulu to Chicago via LA x2 persons for about $4000 in March 2015 there was no mention of $50 fee for Lounge privileges per person per visit . A meal was offered - Salmon salad. I asked for some more dressing (1 small container only was given for a large entrée salad) I was told they do not send extra dressing for an entree salad. It may seem like a small thing but it just indicates how cheap they have become. Employees good, policy's very bad. Every employee I came in contact was pleasant and helpful.
I sat in the airport waiting for 13 hours because of a "mechanical problem" in the plane that I was suppose to take, and then after the tremendously long wait they cancelled the flight and sent everyone home or told them to sleep in the airport. Told they would get another aircraft as soon as possible. Once we did get on the plane the service was terrible, the flight attendants were not nice at all, and the space was much too cramped compared to other airlines that I have taken.
Delays at every stop, no time to catch your next flight without double time effort. Hard to do with a fractured hip. When told to the check in assistance I was told there were no other flights available, and not nicely. No offer to arrange transportation. I will find another airline for future travel.
Flight from Newark Airport to Aruba.  The airport was congested, dirty and slow.  Made reservations and seating arrangements for 4 family members and when we got our boarding passes, all of us were scattered in other seats. They would not change them even though I had reserved them 2 months prior.  The seats were tight, cramped.  No WiFi unless you purchased it.  No TV or movie on flight.  Only free food items were coffee, tea, water, soda.  You had to buy everything else if you wanted something to eat, even a cookie! I will never again use UA. 
Took one of the first flights from Newcastle to New York Newark, was very disappointed on size of plane for long haul, one aisle for both trolley and visits to the loo as well as trying to stretch your legs on a 7.5 hours flight was nearly impossible, plus being near the toilets means being squashed with people leaning in to let people past them. Will continue to travel either from Edinburgh or Manchester with other airlines.

We have flown on United almost exclusively for the past few years, a half dozen times per year. This last trip was the last straw. On the way there, at DCA, there were two agents for about 150 people waiting to go on various flights. It took us a good 45 minutes to get through ticketing and baggage. We missed a connection because the
crew was still in transit to the airport and we took off hours late. Of course our luggage did not make it. It arrived at our hotel 3 days later. Our flight home was cancelled a few weeks before, so we were forced to take one at 8am, which meant waking at 4.30 am. We arrived at the airport, boarded, and were taken off the plane as it did not pass inspection. The flight was then cancelled and the next one was at 8pm, arriving home at midnight. We went to the customer service desk with all 300 other passengers but decided to go to another customer service desk. The agent was nasty and sarcastic to those in front of us, and to us. We had to fly to a city 2 hours from home - giving up our first class seats- and rent a car to get home, uncompensated. But we are experienced, since the same thing happened a few months ago with United. 
Our flight was scheduled for 14.23 from Houston to Mexico City. We started getting delay messages every 15 minutes till we were boarded at about 6.30 only to be told that we should wait in our seats for the airline to send pilots.  I could not believe we were boarded when there were no pilots in the plane.  Since the plane had
obviously not been cleaned upon arrival from the previous flight we were instructed to leave the plane with all of our personal belongings and wait in the tunnel that leads from the terminal to the plane for a security inspection.  After the cleaning was done we were instructed to board again to wait for a pilot to arrive. When the
pilots did arrive they decided the plane needed refuelling so again we should wait a while for that to happen. The flight finally took off at around 8.00 at night.  One of the flight attendants was doing his best to help lift the mood, another was authoritative and uninterested.  I have learnt my lesson, no more United for me.
We booked United from Toronto, CA to Albuquerque, NM as a family with a 21 month old baby, 3 months ahead. They not only changed the flight 2 months later, they failed to put us on an earlier connection flight, so we had to wait 4 hours in Denver airport with a baby. No special consideration, tried to check in early online and could not do it due to change of flight schedule. Couldn't get seated together, no help from a flight attendant. We will never fly with United again.
We had no choice but to take United as it was a codeshare flight with ANA. This will be the first and last time we will take this terrible airline. To start with, no one even bothered to help us with the check-in process. When we called the nearest ground staff attention, it was like she doesn't want to do her job. On the bright side, she gave us a priority tag for our baggage. The problem didn't stop there. Even our in-flight experience was hell. The food was far from edible. It was my first time to encounter a long-haul flight where you have to purchase snacks for a minimum of $8.99. There were no individual screens for entertainment and the wifi wasn't working properly. Flight attendants were rude, yelling at passengers that they can't do this and that. 
My flight from Beijng to Washington was delayed three hours due to mechanical reason (captain told us it was due to the energy generator, the light won't turn on). And we all missed our connection flight, UA arranged us a hotel but didn't tell us the hotel no longer send shuttles after 11 pm, so we took a cab to the hotel. The next morning my flight was cancelled! Would never take their flight again.
In June 2015, my wife and I flew from Milwaukee to LA to San Francisco, with two layovers in Denver. These trips on United were a nightmare.  One of these flights was cancelled and United made no effort helping us to get another flight, so we had to book an additional flight on Southwest, causing us to lose a day of our vacation. Two of these flights had delays of 45 and 40 minutes sitting on the tarmac waiting to get off the planes.  On one of these flights, the seating was cramped and the cabin was hot. Service on the planes was mediocre at best. United's response to these situations was that they were not responsible. Avoid flying United if at all possible.
We booked together, we flew together from Brussel to Newark and now we fly back tomorrow and I wanted to check in online. I am going mad. I am flying with my son and we have seats 40k and 43b. I can choose another seat but it costs 100 dollar per person. In this review I can choose travelling as a couple - we will see.
Arrived in Anchorage to find out our that flight was delayed 4 hours and that would cause us to not have any connecting flights at all in Houston to New Orleans. For the four of us traveling they could not get us on any other airlines to come home either. We tried to get at least one person on a flight to New Orleans to get our vehicle but nothing. Finally got a flight to Lafayette 2 hrs away and we had to rent a car at the airport to go and get out vehicle and drive back to our destination. Not the way we wanted to end our vacation. Especially since we were suppose to be home since 8.45 in morning only 15 hours after leaving it ended up taking us 23 hours of traveling in total.
This is the worse airline I have had the misfortune to fly. We have flown all over the world and this was both the worst planes and customer service in the world. Our first flight arrived in Newark, NJ. After being delayed over an hour we had to rush to the next gate and the flight was cancelled. With no notice and not even an agent there to give us further information we had to argue to get info and then get a hotel for the night. So there goes one more day. Then the second flight gets cancelled and we were stranded for another night and still no assistance. So now another day wasted day of our 4 day weekend vacation.
I'm in the military and I travel a lot, if I had a choice of airlines to use it would not be United. Delays are a norm because of maintenance, luggage lost is all too common. To be frank I am getting to the point that I would rather spend money out of my pocket and use another airline especially when it pertains to flights home. If the military wants to use the chespest airline fof my inbound travel thats fine but not my family time. I'm going to spend up to 200 bucks out of my own pocket to not use United on return flights
We were very disappointed with the service onboard our United Airlines flight from Toronto to Sydney. Changes to our departure times were text to our phones while we were already at the airport. Ground crew were dismissive of passengers who asked them any questions and were more interested in personal discussions than getting their job done. The cabin crew were very underwhelming and not accommodating passenger requests, to the point where you were not allowed a second cup of coffee because they had cleaned up and put everything away. The inflight entertainment cut out for our side of the plane and crew were not interested in doing anything about it. After 4 resetting attempts, the screens worked again. This being our second flight in 7 days we were expecting a little more enthusiasm and pride in their work from crew members. Being seated in economy class and not up the front meant that by the time our meals were served they had run out of popular items and we were left without a choice. No apology from crew, we were met with there's none left and this is what you can have. No attempt to salvage the situation at all and since this was a 14 hour flight, it was a long time without food. Of course, we were welcome to purchase an assortment of onboard snacks at very inflated prices. We will not be travelling with United again as this has not been a pleasant experience at all. We did not get cheap fares and felt that they need to make an effort to encourage passengers to fly with them again.
I'm a performer and I flew from Australia to LA without a hitch on another airline and then all the domestic flights I needed to catch were with United. I got five different flights whilst I was in the states and every single one of them were below standard and just absolutely disgusting. 4 of those flights were cancelled. The
staff were rude and inconsiderate, on flight 3 that ended up being cancelled I was sitting on the plane for hours and hours and was refused even a glass of water. If I ever travel back to America I will make sure I will never fly with such an inconsiderate company.
UA 1615, June 9, EWR to SJU.  I am a Star Alliance Gold Member but that made little difference except for the use of the United Lounge in EWR.  On-line check-in did not allow seat change and request for aisle seat resulted in row 32 way in the back of the 737-800. Flight was 40 minutes late due to mechanical problems in the flight deck
(lights) and then a passenger table tray.  Flight attendants did bare minimum with one bar service and then water was only available in back galley for the remainder of the 4 hour flight.  United really a disappointment.  Have had better treatment on American and Delta airlines with no status.
I had a total of 4 flights to complete a round trip to Portland. 3/4 flights were delayed due to maintenance issues.  We were kept at SFO in a customer service line for 3 hours with approx 300 other dissatisfied customers. Most were given an airline blanket and toothbrush and told to sleep in the airport and sorry for the luck.  A few
were provided with hotel vouchers.  I was one of them as the 30 minute flight I needed to take was booked for 24 hours later with $7 per person meal credit for the entire 24 hours.  The airline refused to proved refunds for anything stating all refunds must process through united.com and that nobody working could approve them.  I asked to be booked on a flight that was 9 hours earlier but was told the flight was already overbooked and this was impossible.  Went online to discover there were 5 open seats on the earlier flight called customer service and was told flight was booked.  I told them I was looking at the seat map avail with 5 open seats.  They reluctantly booked me on the earlier flight after an hour on the phone.  I had paid for economy plus seating which I did not get and I was not refunded the difference of $120 for 2 seats.  Horrible experience, terrible customer service! 
I've been commuting between RDU to EWR for the past few months. As a loyal Delta flyer I transitioned over to United because they offer direct flights into Newark. What I've learned - you pay double the price for United as opposed to other airlines for delays and cancellations due to "flight crew availability". I had the opportunity to speak to a flight attendant about my weekly (yes every week) cancelation or delay and was informed that United was contracting crew out due to limited number of employees. Most employees have left because United pays them dirt. Shame on United and shame on the airline industry - those of us that fly on a regular basis (3 weeks out of the month) pay premium prices for a terrible experience. When I call or contact United - they could care less. Hence my loyalty to Delta - they listen acknowledge apologize and reword you for any and all challenges. As far as recommending United - use at your own risk and be prepared to have a Plan B C and D for when your cancelled due to lack of availability of flight crew.
6am flight was delayed until 7am which made us 10 minutes late for our connecting flight and they wouldn't even keep the gates open for us when they knew our flight was late. The next available flight was at 7.45pm. we got put on standby for a 12.45pm and a 3.00pm flight and couldn't get in on those. So we patiently waited for our 7.45pm flight then that flight got cancelled. We then proceeded to customer service and they said they couldn't do anything for us. Couldn't even pay for a hotel for us even though the next flight they could put us on was 3.30pm the next day. Do not fly United they do not try to work with you and they are very inconsiderate.
On May 22 2015 I flew from Newark to San Diego on a United B737-800/900 aircraft. This was the second leg of a flight home from Europe. The plane is fairly new and it is one of the most uncomfortable planes that I have ever been on. And that includes the medium and smaller commuter jets. This was a six hour flight. I booked this flight seven months in advance paid extra for the economy plus seating and selected a bulkhead isle seat in row 8 which was behind the "first class" section of the plane. However between the "first class" section of this plane and my row is what can marginally be called a restroom. It was a six hour flight and this tiny bathroom with a sink barely big enough to wash your hands was in constant use. Each time the bathroom door was swung open and closed those of us in the adjoining rows were assaulted with bathroom smells. After a few hours in the air I noticed that the bathroom smells were more intense and that the floor next to the bathroom door was wet. I spoke to the purser who jumped up and immediately locked the bathroom door and took it out of service. That was a good temporary fix. However I would like to suggest to United that they consider removing that toilet unit from this plane configuration. It really ruins the flight for those stuck in seats close by. Also this plane has hard vinyl seats and headrests and no entertainment screens. The seats on Southwest are more comfortable. This would all be OK for short haul flights but planes like this are too uncomfortable for cross country flights.
28th May UA flight # 927 from Frankfurt to San Francisco got cancelled due to security check lapses by the airline. After four hours on the tarmac passengers were off loaded for a replacement flight next day. Those without German visas were not given any facilities to sleep at the airport - no pillows or blankets. We spent an uncomfortable night on airport chairs. Staff complained that they were working overtime and too tired to help passengers. A couple of the ground staff slipped away before answering our queries. This is a terrible airline to get stranded with. No care for customers. Never again will I travel UA.
Flex regular economy on LAX-IAD-LAX coast-to-coast on B737-800 on redeye outbound then B737-900 on return. Entertainment system on B737-800 only has pay-for Direct TV but was redeye so didn't matter anyway. Only achieved reasonable sleep thanks to Tylenol PM. They provided blankets. On return flight plain jane seat but service was prompt and plenty of free soda provided. A step up from Southwest but that's about it.
I was travelling from Orlando to Anchorage with a connection in Houston and San Francisco. When we arrived at the airport our flight had already been delayed by an hour and half meaning that we would miss our Houston connection. I went immediately to the service counter to have it sorted out and they had already switched us to a Delta flight transferred our bags and arranged meal vouchers for us. I was surprised at this high level of service. All in all we arrived in Anchorage on our Delta flight only 10 minutes after we would have arrived on our originally booked flight. Our travel experience back to Orlando was a completely different matter however. After arriving at Anchorage airport and checking in I realized that I had been bumped from my originally booked aisle seat to a middle seat in the same row. After boarding I realized that the seat that I had originally booked remained open so I simply picked up my stuff and moved to the seat I had originally purchased. This was simply an annoyance and source of confusion rather than a true inconvenience. The flight itself was rather uneventful. We made it to San Francisco made our connection and waited to depart. And we waited. And waited. And waited. Initially we were told that we were waiting for some baggage from a connecting flight they presumably boarded the baggage and we began taxiing. After taxiing for a few minutes the captain came over the speaker and informed us that we had to return to the gate due to a "water leak". We then sat in the plane for 2.5 hours while multiple maintenance men stomped on and off the plane trying to locate the source of the leak. After sitting on the (hot) plane for about two hours I had already finished the bottle of water that I had brought on board. When I asked one of the flight attendants if I could get some water she told me that I couldn't have any water because the maintenance man was standing in front of the bottle. Is that the one and only bottle of water that United stocked on this particular flight? I wandered back to my seat and endured the additional thirty minutes of idle waiting. Finally the pilot came back over the speakers and informed us that the "water leak" was actually condensation from the coffee maker that the flight attendants failed to wipe up after the last use. Needless to say this made for some pretty incredulous passengers.
May 29 Beijing to Washington then Washington to New York and then Toronto. UA 808 UA 4001 AC727. United is by far the worst airline I have had the misfortune of being on. Of the two intercontinental flights I have taken with United all of them have involved a major delay (flight being cancelled or rescheduled to next day with a distress hotel room) or losing your luggage for days. United staff are also some of the rudest people I have had the misfortune of interacting with. The entire airline seems to take delight in punishing their customers for having the nerve to travel. Even though their airfares are low only take this airline if you enjoy spending your vacation time in airports or dealing with surly staff who seem to delight in making customers' lives hell.
Flight to St Louis from Houston cancelled at night due to 'rain' so I had to get a room at my own expense as did hundreds of others finding a hotel took over an hour. Before leaving the Houston airport to my room I booked tickets to get me to St Louis the next day. Here is where United incompetence took over. Ticket was Houston to Tulsa Tulsa to St. Louis. When I got to Tulsa I ask why the flight from Tulsa to St Louis would take over 4 hours answer: you are going through Chicago but you won't have to leave the plane! Got to Chicago told that plane was not going to St. Louis went to desk asking where was my flight to St Louis flight and when answer: the St Louis flight just left I can put you on standby on the next flight! Got to gate and asked for standby update told here would be one standby seat available as one passenger was not going to make the departure time I was not to worry about getting on the standby position was mine. When it came time for stand by to board another person's name was called. Went back to the desk asking why I was not the standby person answer: she has more status! Then when names were announced who had seats but had not boarded my name was called. Went back to desk asking if I had a seat answer: oh is that you? Yes you have a seat! If I ever fly United again it will be out of desperation not by choice.
Terrible service provided by the flight attendant. Unfortunately I had fallen asleep when the drinks were being served and when I asked the flight attendant for water she just kept on walking. I pushed the call button and as she was serving the water she sarcastically asked whether there was an emergency to which I responded that I felt almost dehydrated and her unbelievably rude answer was that I could have got up to get the water myself. It's bad enough that the airline doesn't serve any food at no charge anymore but to top it off their in-flight service has got much worse. I didn't pay $60 for this international flight it was much more!
My wife and I took United for our honeymoon to Hawaii. United fails to inform you that you need to download their app in advance to enjoy any sort of entertainment inflight. You could pay $10+ an hour to use their wifi but to use any other of their "free" service you must download the app in advance. For those who do not or do not have a compatible device bring your own entertainment. Upon calling to check in on our return we learned the flight had been cancelled. While they had my email address on file the only notification came through a text message. However this text didn't inform us of anything but merely asked us to "text yes" to the text to receive subsequent messages. Assuming this was just another airline phishing attempt I ignored the message. While they knew I was not aware of the change no call attempt or email attempt was made. Overall I satisfied.
I arrived at the check-in counter 40+ minutes to departure. The attendant called the gate to see if the flight was delayed but they said it wasn't. I received this notification immediately after. United flight UA1246 on April 26 is delayed due to a late inbound aircraft arrival. Now departs: 2.00 pm). Hence I cannot check in my luggage. No worries I will throw all my liquids away and carry it on. Ultimately I gate checked one bag. Once the entire flight was boarded the pilot immediately stated we were going to be delayed and probably shouldn't have boarded the flight. We land 15-20 minutes late and we sit on the tarmac for another 10 minutes because our gate is taken. This is a common occurrence flying into IAH. The straw that broke the camel's back - zero communication and no empathy for every passenger that checked luggage. After everything else we had to wait about an hour to get our luggage. 4 planes on one belt and we were the 4th in line while only half of the belts were occupied.
Our flight from Las Vegas to Charleston South Carolina took 28 hours. The first plane from Vegas to Houston was delayed because of mechanical problems. The connecting flight was delayed because of a pilot timing out. We paid for two hotels because one was prepaid in Charleston and we needed to sleep before our morning flight to Charleston. The morning flight was changed because of a tire problem and again because of communications problems. We were offered 2500 points or $50 toward our next a United flight.
I had booked a trip to Hong Kong through Flight Network. on the way there (14 hour flight) the plane did not have any entertainment units or even a plug in for a laptop. On our way back we were to go from Hong Kong to San Francisco and then from San Francisco to Edmonton. United Airlines had switched the connecting flight to go through Chicago instead of San Francisco which I only found out when checking in on our departure day. The attendant at the United desk was unable to provide an explanation as to why the connection was switched and was basically of no help. This ended up amounting to a 9 hour delay and me missing a day at work.
Recently flew from West Palm Beach to Austin VIA Houston. The flight from Houston to Austin was on a brand new regional jet with nine first class seats. Unfortunately several sensors were showing and everyone needed to exit the plane. Within 30 minutes another new regional plane with the same configuration was waiting a few gates away and the plane was only 45 minutes late getting into Austin. Good job United. Unfortunately returning was a different story. I arrived at the Austin airport several hours early and inquired about an earlier flight to Houston. I was told that there had been no late flights all day. The plane arrived in Austin late and by the time I boarded it was 30 minutes late. Then it began raining in Houston so the plane had to wait another 20 minutes in Austin. By the time the plane arrived in Houston my flight to West Palm Beach had left and it was the last flight of the day. Most passengers on the full A319 flying east had to find a hotel for the night at their own expense because United is not responsible for weather related delays and it is usually raining somewhere where United flies. The next afternoon I was on an old regional plane with no first class seats to West Palm Beach.
UA 1001 IAH-FLL March 13 2015. UA 54 Newark-Paris April 11 2015. UA 55 Paris-Newark April 18 2015. After United bought Continental everything went downhill. Flights were delayed or cancelled they routinely have mechanical problems with their planes their flight crews have gotten worse and worse to the point that they often are just plain abusive their overseas business class is terrible and their ground crews are incompetent dishonest and often nasty. Unfortunately they have so many direct routes that you are stuck either flying United or taking another airline with a stop midway through your flight. If you have frequent flier miles with them good luck. You can almost never use your miles when you want to travel over the holidays or they charge some exorbitant number of miles. And now your miles will expire if you don't continue to fly with these people. United Airlines is a nightmare.
My husband and I travelled from Newark NJ to Dubai with a stop over at Washington-Dulles. Newark flight was delayed and our Washington Dulles connection was missed. It took from 10 pm to 12.30 am to get to a customer service agent at Washington-Dulles where we stood in line for two and a half hours. Agents took an average of 15 to 20 minutes per customer.
United improbably informed us two days in advance that our flight from Albuquerque to Denver connecting to Minneapolis would most likely be delayed? Good to their word they got us to Denver an hour and a half late missing our connection maintenance issues was the reason. We had managed to rebook our connection in Albuquerque the agent assuring us our luggage would remain in Denver. Now it's 10pm no luggage and waiting in line with approximately 400 people to get to one service desk. 2 Hours later we have a hotel voucher and nothing else talked to some low level manager who couldn't understand why 2 full fare first class customers were upset after all we got a free hotel room.
Flew from New Orleans to Frankfurt Germany with a layover in Newark. Plane was an older 767-300. Plane was delayed Food was cold and terrible flight attendants were not friendly at all. On the way back I flew Lufthansa and what a difference! It was a great flying experience! I've always flied United but from now on I will make sure I get a Lufthansa flight when traveling to Germany!
I had the worst experience on United Airlines today. I was told I couldn't board the plane with my 4 month old infant because of weight restrictions on the plane. 6 people were told they couldn't board the plane including myself and I found out that was based on our fares. I was penalized because I planned ahead and booked my ticket for less money. It doesn't matter that I started my trip hours earlier or that I connected and arrived to the gate on time. Some kind soul did try to volunteer their seat. I overhead the gate crew saying there was a mother and baby who should board next which was superseded by the supervisor who said full fares trump everything. I left my house at 4.45am to catch a flight to connect to Chicago so I could get to my destination in the shortest time possible with a sleeping baby. I am a frequent flier a "MileagePlus Explorer" (which I pay for by having a premium credit card) yet here I am - the only person with a child on my plane-prevented from boarding because my $554 fare wasn't enough to get me my reserved seat. I am one irate customer and one irate mother - and I have to wait 7 hours with my baby for the next flight.
UA 937 I had not flown in a 767 in a long time and I travel a lot. The plane was old and dirty and the flight attendants were old and fat. They never smiled or greeted you - clearly hate their jobs. The announcements were like the ones you hear in school. Don't do this don't do that - militant. I had booked a Swiss flight I thought. The inflight entertainment and food were very poor compared to other airlines. No water bottles given out just cups. Cheap. The toilets were smelly and there was no amenity kit you see in other airlines. United complains about the open skies but they could never compete with Emirates or Qatar with such old planes and unattractive staff.
United Airlines is the worst airline I have flown with. After waiting an hour in line to check in I get to the counter and find out it was two late to board my flight. This was after getting up at 3 am in the morning just be sure I was there ahead of time. There is no excuse for their incompetence. They spent my valuable time chatting with one another amongst themselves at the counter and not warning anyone in line that there was a danger missing there flight or even showing effort to work faster. They did not attempt to even try make amends. Do not fly United out of Rochester NY they are the most unprofessional workers I have seen in this industry.
Recent flight from Hawaii to LA 6 hours. Beverage offered when first boarded no other beverage or food offered through out the entire flight. Disgusted as over night flight and not even breakfast or tea or coffee. Stewards not particularly helpful or sociable. No audio or visual entertainment provided. No pillows onboard.
I booked our family of (3's) flight months in advance all seats were requested together and I prefer sitting next to the window because it seems to help my severe motion sickness. Per experience I usually allow a 90-120 min layover if I have a connecting flight which if you fly out of Pittsburgh it is almost impossible to get straight through flights unless you fly Southwest where unless you are a bouncer you cannot get a window seat to save your life. The flight from Pittsburgh to Chicago was on 'mechanical delay'. The 'mechanical delay' was about 90 mins which meant we would not make our next flight out of Chicago to our scheduled event that evening. However when we landed at O'Hare we were unaware that several flights were being held because of our delay. I asked a United staff member at our departing gate about our flight and he said "it's departing in 3 minutes you will not have time to make the flight". I went immediately to the Customer Service desk where many of my fellow passengers were congregating. While standing there my party heard our names over the loud speaker to board our flight. One party is physically disabled. Unfortunately we did not make the flight and we missed the first half of the event that evening. United should have contacted the gate to let them know we were on our way should have made arrangements for a cart for the disabled passenger in order to get us there in a timely manner. This one simple communication act would have taken less than 1 minute.
SFO-IAH return. Both flights delayed for a variety of reasons. Air travel in the US is becoming such a hassle with rude and paranoid TSA lesser flights packed planes and crowded skies. Ground and air staff friendly and helpful. Free DirecTV as a result of the delays on both legs. I'd avoid flying if there was an alternative mode (perhaps the US should invest in a bullet train?). So frustrating.
Ditching United and my mileage credit card after this next flight finally departs. Pittsburgh to Newark in United flown by Republic. Last weeks 'maintenance' delay of 45mins should have been enough of a red flag along with overhearing the air stewardess complaining to senior ground staff that did they really have to fly in such an old plane. Tonight sitting with another 'maintenance' delay of 2.5hrs+ on last flight of a Friday night to get home to family - would have been quicker for me to drive the 5.5hrs door to door. A leaving customer.
MCO-IAD Flight 1731. IAD-MCO Flight 1133. They are always delayed on flights then they ask customers if they are checking in any bags. They charge $25 if you say yes however if you take your luggage on the flight then they tell customers that it's free. This has delayed our flight several times and it's completely a rip-off! Not to mention that they changed our seats last min without notifying us until last min.
We had a large group flying from all over the United States to Cancun for my daughters wedding. Every single person flying United had issues! My son's flight was cancelled due to no pilot. United then put him his wife and 4 yr old son on another flight. They had to fly from San Diego to Washington DC then to Cancun to make matters worse the weren't even seated near each other!!! How can they do that with a 4 yr old. I arrived at the airport 2.5 hours early and almost missed my flight because it took over 1.5 hrs just to check my bag and then was treated horribly. When we finally got on they plane the flight attendants were not friendly whatsoever and United in their ultimate wisdom decided that 7 meals would be sufficient for this 5hr 50 min flight. I fly at least 4-5 times a year and usually enjoy it. I will never fly United again. It was a nightmare.
This is the second time I have flown United and it will be the last. The first time all the planes were late and we kept getting bumped to later flights. When we did arrive the luggage did not and it took four days to get the luggage. The second time I flew first class. After we checked in in Toronto we were put into a large area like cattle with no services and then lined up and herded through customs at the last minute so we were unable to get breakfast or buy magazines etc. one bag did not arrive with us but went to Newark instead of San Francisco. On the way home I was bumped to a different seat so I was no longer flying with my spouse and when I called I was told that is just how they roll and even in first class full fare seat booking are suggestions. In the future I will be flying Delta. We flew Delta last year and it was a much different experience.
I have never flown United Airlines before. This will be my first and last time. Our family booked our flights in January from San Diego to Florida. Sometime in February the flight time of our second leg of the flight was changed by about 5 minutes. Didn't think much about it. Just yesterday my daughter was checking her seating arrangements and realized that when United changed the second leg of the flight they dropped all our seats. There are no seats available. No help from the United reservation person who I could barely understand. We're all sitting apart. Good thing we checked our seating or we might not even had a seat. I will never fly this airline again and I haven't even been on the plane yet.
It's unbelievable that United continues to use ageing Boeing 747's on transpacific flights. 747's don't even have monitors behind the seats in economy class! Very disappointing when you can't choose what to watch on an 11 hour flight! In addition the level of service is not as good as Asian airlines that I've used on the same route such as Cathay Eva Air Singapore Air etc. When I asked to refill a water bottle the flight attendant said I would need to go to the galley myself to have it filled. I've never received such a response on Asian airlines. Will definitely avoid flying United in the future if I can help it.
I was flying from Ft Lauderdale to Houston this evening in premium class. I was carrying a tote bag small purse a tiny rollerboard and a shopping bag. The guy taking my tickets in a hostile tone told me only two items. I have flown continental for years. Husband was platinum level. This was never an issue so of course I moved aside to comply and consolidated four into two plus purse. Purse an issue so gate checked bag. Fine. Got on board. To add insult to injury. Weather delay due to lightening and hail in Florida and major storm system in Houston area. I had had my United flight diverted last week. We had option to get off the carrier and I elected to get off. I asked rude gate agent if I could retrieve checked bag. No he said rudely. I will never fly them again.
My wife and I travelled business class Sydney to Tampa Florida via LAX. Sadly a passenger died two hours of Sydney so had to return. Told flight was rescheduled for the next day. As we live in Sydney on the fringe we were told to go home and come back tomorrow. Cab fares were $240 with no reimbursement. Next day plane was an hour late boarding. Business Class cabin carpets were soaking wet. Further delay to clean. Cheap sparkling wine served in plastic cup. Departed Charleston SC sixteen days later back to Sydney via Chicago and LAX. As no internationally trained staff at UA Charleston could only ship bags to Chicago thus to baggage collection/security there. Airline lounge packed in Chicago. At LAX UA lounge was so full we were not allowed in. Then found out no frequent flyer points Sydney-LAX because it was an unscheduled flight.
I flew from IAH to NRT. Not the worst flight but many aspects could be greatly improved. Too much air- conditioning I had to have 3 blankets to keep myself warm. The IFE was better than I expected though. Some acceptable selections to watch. It kept me entertained for the 12 hour flight. Overall probably taking another airline is a better choice for your trip.
On a flight from LAX to New Orleans. Flight 1/2 full with all exit rows empty. My husband and I attempted to move to a exit row seat and was told by the flight attendant we could not move. You have to pay to sit in an exit row. The flight is half empty. United this is our last time fly with you!
PBI-IAH-LAX-NRT-SIN - original scheduled route. Route actually flown with delays: PBI-IAH-LAX-SFO-HND-SIN. All domestic flights offered only beverages or you could purchase food. Flight delayed due to weather in IAH. Arrived into LAX and my connecting flight had left. Ground service was little to no help. Crew at gate barked to go to Customer service and they only deal with guests at that gate. Customer service had only one person to rebook flights for 40 folks waiting in line. Called 800 number and then was told to call another number to speak to someone about my international ticket. Finally got rebooked but it meant flying to SFO and then onto Singapore. Good part is my flight from Tokyo to Singapore were on ANA. There was a gate change while en-route to Japan. The ANA attendant met me at security to inform me of gate change and asked if I wanted a transport.
A recent flight from London to New York recently was perhaps the worst experience we've had. We recently flew Nashville - Dallas - San Francisco on United (first class). Food service etc was great. But woe to the huddled masses. For some reason on the return we were bumped to business (first leg) then economy (last leg). For a six hour flight "breakfast" was a box with a roll candy bar and yoghurt. But the last leg we were seated in economy and the blinders came off. Seats were probably used on misbehaving prisoners - as ergonomic as a stone carving tattered "leather" painfully thin. Video screens (and I use the term loosely) had been randomly attached to the ceiling for which earphones could conveniently be purchased. I'm unsure which is worse - this or the "individual screens" on the last AA we flew - scratchy color off glaring possible the worst picture quality on Earth. No problems with bags or leave time.
Flew to Las Vegas from Amsterdam with a stop at Chicago. Were delayed at Chicago for 3.5 hours with no communication from United staff and 6 gate changes. Onboard entertainment system broke down after 2 hours (on our flight from Amsterdam to Chicago) so we had 6 hours where we had nothing to do but just sit. Flight crew was uninspired. Return flight from Las Vegas to Amsterdam got cancelled 15 minutes before we arrived at McCarran airport because there was no crew available. Eventually flew back to Amsterdam through Los Angeles with KLM. Customer care pointed at Reservations and Reservations pointed at Customer Care. Was on the phone (international call) for over an hour and just got disconnected. Several e-mail back and forth only thing United did was apologize for the inconvenience. Stay away from United.
I was very disappointed with the service and overall experience I received from this airline I had a flight out of Fort Lauderdale Airport at 7.45 am I had arrived early around 6 am with my 4 month old infant. We boarded the flight on time everything seemed to be going as planned until the flight was delayed due to some electrical in the control panel. We ended up sitting on this flight for a good 2 hours waiting as they kept saying sorry and we will update you more in 5 minutes and then 30 minutes and overall a 2 hour wait time until they said we are sorry but we must all exit the plane and wait in line until we could get booked for another flight. Once booked for a new flight they gave us food vouchers the new flight they booked me on was at 2.55pm it was only 11am so I was expected to wait with an infant for another 3 hours - a long day waiting me with my son. I then received a notification on my phone that the flight they rebooked me on had been delayed 90 minutes which would have meant being stuck in Houston airport where my connecting flight was but that I would have missed by the time the new flight had arrived. I was then put on another flight leaving Fort Lauderdale at 5.15pm and arriving to my destination at 11.18pm. I don't think that this was handled well at all especially since I was carrying a child around and had only me.
Flight 1660 from Denver to Houston. This airline is horrible. If you have other options to fly to a location exercise the alternative and pay whatever it costs. Delayed 5 hours. Refused to hold connecting flight despite the fact that over 30 passengers were connecting via that flight. No discounts offered on flights. No ticket offers to fly at no expense in the future to another location. Absolutely horrible customer service. Rude and ineffective agents/representatives. A company that could not care less about customer service.
ROC-ORD-JAC and JAC-ORD-ROC. Outbound flights went without a hitch. ORD-JAC segment in an A-320 with new slim seats. Seats were more comfortable than I thought they would be based on previous reviews. Flight Attendants pleasant and made several passes with water for a three hour flight. Return was delayed two hours in JAC. Not a problem for me as I had a 5 hour layover scheduled in ORD. Equipment was an A320 as well and the Flight Attendants were pleasant and attentive. I would give higher marks for seat comfort except both ROC-ORD and ORD-ROC segments were on a regional partner using an ERJ-145. Seating was cramped and the small cabin is not for those with claustrophobia. In all United gets you from point A to point B. They certainly aren't JetBlue.
I've never actually been embarrassed to be seen travelling business class before. I met a colleague at the airport and I was wearing the same clothes for the past 2 days (they cancelled my flight and didn't return my luggage- later found out that they had reinstated the flight but didn't tell me). In front of us both I was told by a flight agent that the flight United had booked me on was full-they didn't even book the other flight! Now my rescheduled flight is delayed another 4 hours.
Overbooked flights planes grounded for maintenance issues replacement aircraft with fewer seats. My flight out of Houston quickly fell apart as the original plane was both over-booked and grounded for maintenance issues. While waiting to find out if there were enough seats for everyone stragglers who had been bumped off previous flights were given seats over those who were actually assigned to the flight. Overall a very poorly executed attempt at damage control.
Had over 3 hour delay for a flight from Chicago to San Diego. After a 1 1/3 hours they finally boarded the passengers and just as the last people were getting on they reassigned the flight crew. Had to wait another hour before a new crew showed up. Another delay because they need more fuel them once we were ready to go we had to delay again because we had to get a new flight attendant because one of them had been on for too long. Complete mismanagement by United.
I flew from Paris to St Louis (MO) transit at Newark 3 hours flight delay from Newark to St Louis and 4 hours flight delay on the return flight from Newark to Paris. Reasons for delay: aircraft/crew not available plane maintenance etc. Food quantity absurd compared to other airlines. Avoid this airline even if it offers attractive prices it is not worth it.
Flight 839 Los Angeles to Sydney 4th April 2015. Departed LA near enough on time flight uneventful until approx 3/4 hr before landing. We were informed by the Captain that because of bad weather we were to be diverted to Brisbane. In Brisbane we were told to stay on the plane until further notice. With only minutes to spare before the cut off time for Pilots and Crew expired we approached the runway for our return to Sydney. We only got half way when the Captain announced we were not going to take off as their time had expired. We were taken off the plane and told to wait until a new crew could be found. Almost 12 hrs later and a frustrating lack of information we were told that finally they had a crew but no pilot then we had a pilot but due to administration problems we could not leave. After a 15hr flight and 12 hrs sitting in an Airport we were all tired and at the end of our resolve. We finally arrived in Sydney with a loud applause from all of us passengers 27 hrs later.
My son and I recently had a connecting flight from Denver to Salt Lake City. When we got off the plane the board said our flight had been cancelled. When we asked why they customer service representative told us that our flight had been chosen at random because of the weather. We were told to either wait at the airport for 12 hours or we could pay for a motel. In my opinion the motel should be provided if the airline has the ability to just randomly cancel flights. What a major inconvenience. The customer service rep was very rude and unaccommodating. I'll never fly united again.
EWR-SJO-EWR. No-frills airline. All flights were on time but the seats were uncomfortable and cramped there was no free food in coach and the flight attendants were unpleasant and unprofessional. Ever since the merger service has declined and prices have gone up.
I made my reservation months in advance. I was supposed to have an aisle seat about 5 seats from the back of the plane. When I boarded the plane I was not in that seat. Instead I was put in the very last row by the toilet. I had work to do and tried to power through it despite the terrible seat. The seat would not recline and the gentleman in front of me reclined so there was no room. My head was just inches from his reclined seat (I asked and he agreed not to recline all the way back). I was constantly bumped as people walked to use the toilet and the smell was terrible! I asked the steward why my seat was changed he said it happens all the time. You think you have reserved a seat in the middle of the plane but it is really further back. Otherwise no one would choose the back row. So I was tricked and according to the steward it happens all the time. He made no effort to apologize or make the situation right. It is one thing to realize in advance that the only open seat is by the toilet. It is another to pay that amount of money and reserved far in advance and get "placed" in the back by the smelly toilet. I put 1 star for food and beverages because I couldn't eat anything even the food I brought on board because of the smell of the toilet. I put 1 star for the entertainment because it required a credit card. I would have given negative for seat comfort and satisfaction if I could have. I put 1 for staff service as the man in the seat in front of me was hit in the head by the trash bag every time the stewardess went by and she didn't even seem to notice. On the plus side it was terribly windy and the pilot did a good job with the landing.
I booked a last minute trip from Orlando FL to Hong Kong. The price was OK for few days notice but the in-flight experience was one I would like to forget. In the past I flew overseas with other international airlines from abroad and most treated me and my family very good. With United it was my worst experience flying overseas. Flew from Orlando via Newark to Hong Kong direct. The seats were hard as a rock which made it very hard to sleep. The entertainment system offered all these channels and music that did not work and not available for viewing. The food was terrible and small. It was half the size of a lean cuisine dinner. They charged me $8.00 for a half a can of beer. The attitude of the flight attendants were rude. Returning back to Orlando via Chicago from Hong Kong the flight was an hour and a half late which caused me to miss my connecting flight to Orlando. Got no sympathy from service desk and was stuck in Chicago for an extra 4 hours. I will not fly United ever again. Its not only bad service they provide but bad attitudes and they want to change you for every single little amenity. Avoid this airline if you can.
The flight is always too full for everyone's carry on baggage. I don't like having to make sure I'm first in line to get onboard just so I know I don't have to check my bag. I had to check my bag the last few trip and wait for an hour for it to come through after landing. I cannot believe they are now charging for inflight entertainment. It's one step too far.
ORD (Chicago) to OGG (Maui). They notified us that there would be no wi-fi on the flight. Fine. We had media- filled devices so we could tolerate the 9-hour flight. OGG to ORD wi-fi was 'available' but none of our devices (Android and iOS) would connect. Loading for the sign-in page would stop at 80% at the highest but then would hang. Forget about it. Take-off was delayed for loading of 'catering supplies' (food that would be sold to us?). Flight attendants are always rude as if clearly they would rather be doing something other than attending. Waving a hand for your trash dour faces curt language ("You need to [do this or that].") All this for the privilege of a non-stop flight at an international price. Hello Alaska Airlines.
ORD (Chicago O'Hare) to OGG (Maui Kahului) round trip. To Maui it was announced that the flight (a B777) would not have wi-fi. Luckily we brought our own electronic devices loaded with media to watch or read on. On the way back wi-fi was available but none of our devices was able to connect (iOS and Android) stuck in "sign in" anywhere from 20% to 80%. The home-leg departure was delayed for loading of catering supplies (i.e. food that would be for sale?). Flight attendants are rude as if you were sitting in their furniture without asking. It's easy to use polite language and manners even if you're not sincere yet they could not muster a minimum effort. The price for this flight is quite high as much as ORD to an Asian destination but it seems more like a budget flight. I guess it's because it's a straight flight (no lay-overs). Next time I will try Alaska Air with one stop-over at a much lower price (less than half!).
My husband is a frequent flyer with United Airlines in his personal and business travels without incident. In saying that I am a reasonable person I can understand that our flight was delayed and then cancelled due to mechanical problem. However the rudeness of the ticket agents was a total shock to me and most of the other passengers. Staff did not seem to be equipped to handle helping people re-route their flights and were flustered and unprofessional. It is very difficult for me to express my disappointment in the way the situation was handled. The only apologies we received were from the airport security officers who showed up at gate 29. There were no announcements stating that they (the ticket agents) were going to help us with connecting flights there were no apologies for the inconvenience of having to sleep in the airport no announcement that first class passengers and those with small children would be found hotel rooms and others would be left to their own devices to sleep at the gate. Some water and sodas were provided but not enough for everyone. The ticket agents seemed to be "put out" in trying to help us. Isn't that their job? I believe that customer service is a huge part of any business and if you don't have good customer service you have nothing. No food vouchers were offered unless asked for this I found out by asking a fellow passenger where he had received his vouchers.It should have been announced that everyone would receive these after a long night sleeping at the gate. The lack of communication was shameless and again unprofessional! I believe there needs to be some training with the staff at United Airlines Maui to help in dealing with situations such as cancelled flights and exhausted guests. And regarding the 125.00 voucher we received for the inconvenience of this debacle doesn't come close to compensating for the discomfort and inconvenience of having to sleep on a filthy airport floor! Horrible customer service made the situation even worse.
Recently flew SFO-IAH-EWR then EWR-ORD-SFO. First class cabin every flight. United's 737-900 series aircraft are nice but the leg room provided hardly warrants first class. Wifi failed on every leg except SFO-IAH. If you navigate off the personal entertainment offering to wifi it is impossible to get back. So if the wifi fails - which it often does on United - you have nothing. Meals were improved over past on a couple of legs the same poor food as on the others. Wines still bad. Boarding ridiculous as Group 1 is now huge with no preference to First Class. I've flown the airline for years because of its dominance at SFO but take other Star Alliance airlines when going overseas. United had delays on both parts of return whereas others I knew on Jet Blue out of JFK (down a runway) got out on time. May be time to give up my 1K and go elsewhere.
I had my first and hopefully last experience with United Airlines this past week. I flew round trip to Orlando with a friend for spring break. Our flight down was delayed three hours because of weather which is admittedly not United's fault however we missed a connection in D.C. and had to fly standby on a later flight that put us at our destination 6 hours after we were scheduled to arrive. The return flight was the real terror though. Our first leg from Orlando to Chicago was fine except for the airline insisting on checking our carry ons through to the final destination. Once in Chicago we were told our flight to Burlington was delayed due to mechanical problems. Eventually we boarded the flight an hour late and took off. We then turned back and circled O'Hare for an hour and a half due to mechanical problems before making an emergency landing and having to get off the plane. They then cancelled that flight after leaving us sitting for two hours while they tried to find another aircraft. At that point I was told there was no way to get me to Burlington before Sunday night (my original flight was Friday morning). I tried to book a flight to a nearby city and was told it was impossible to fly anything other than standby. I was booked on a confirmed seat to Albany for Saturday morning and tried two standby flights Friday night. My friend made it out but I ended up in the airport overnight (I was not offered accommodation). When I went to board my flight Saturday morning they informed me that there had been an error and the flight was overbooked. I was bounced from that flight and booked on one departing in the afternoon. The afternoon flight was cancelled due to mechanical problems and I was unable to get out until Saturday night at 11 pm. After all that they refused to even consider shipping my bag until I had landed in Albany (it had been shipped to Burlington on Friday). It is now Monday and I still have not received my bags. Their customer service is unfriendly unhelpful and refuses to let you speak to someone in charge. I will never fly United again and I discourage anyone from doing so unless they don't mind spending hours in an airport without their luggage.
Business seats not up to international standards. The row of 4 seats in the middle feels like a dormitory. Excellent that an airline would invest in such sub-standard seating. United is my last Star Alliance choice for international travel.
I booked my trip from UK to Florida via Newark over 8 months ago. I did not realise that the flights would be regularly cancelled or changed. First flight out of Manchester was 3 hours delayed because of staff shortage. Last flight out of Fort Lauderdale was delayed by 4 hours leaving us 30 minutes to run to gate for the flight back to Manchester. There is only one flight a day and we felt we had to make it. Most of staff were not interested in helping us. The whole United experience was a nightmare not the dream holiday we planned. Also the inflight entertainment did not work in my seat.
Arrived at Calgary Airport only to find out our plane which was coming out of Denver was delayed over two hours due to weather. This will put us in Chicago too late to make our connection. This means we cannot fly out till the next morning. United will not give us a voucher for anything because the delay was not 4 or more hrs. I looked at Denver weather radar and there is no bad weather. Gate people keep saying bad weather. Maybe there was down the line but not in Denver as they are insisting. So they don't have to supply vouchers for this late leg. The week prior I was booked on flight out of Houston. They had to change equipment then we were told it would take a few minutes to do the 'paperwork'. Two hrs later they finally finished. I like being informed and being told the truth. Will not fly United anymore.
I recently flew United from Shanghai to Chicago on B747-400 in Global First seat 2A. This airline is a disaster. First the boarding. Group 1 which includes first class had about 90 people in Shanghai with the line stretching down the corridor. In fact there were more people in group 1 than in group 4 or 5. So much for First Class. The front cabin of B747 is old and dirty. Seat 2A has more privacy than most but overall the first class cabin is tight with very little privacy and people on top of each other. The seat is long and comfortable and you can sleep. The flight attendants…- one was pleasant and the other really did not care about anything. The food was horrible cold appetizer awful salad. The food lack warmth/taste/presentation. Breakfast was down right disgusting. Maybe this is because on the way to China I flew with ANA and the service is excellent and incomparable. Flying United is not really a first class experience in any shape or form.
I was very hesitant to fly United again for my family vacation. The first time I flew United I ended up sleeping in the airport when my flight was cancelled. The second time I had two delays that left me on the runway for two hours each. Today I am done. I will never fly United again. Right now I'm in Houston. I was supposed to be in Florida two hours ago. Instead my family of three is sitting in a hotel room with a 4 year old who can't sleep.
25 Jan 2015 UA993 (LX3218). 1 Feb 2015 UA992 (LX3219). I swore I'd never fly United a couple of years ago this time I didn't notice the flight was operated by United. Horrible experience. Delayed for 2 hours as always. For 9 hours flight they serve very little food cold and bad quality. Rude attendants. No legroom uncomfortable seats  everything is wrong with United. I know learnt to always look very closely which airline the flight is operated by.
I booked a flight to Bahamas through United and it was their Silver Airlines. My flight over was late and coming back the plane had 20 plus passengers and we were all checked in and they delayed our departure. We all missed our connecting flights. There was no apologies no explanations. We were to depart at 2.25 finally getting off the ground at 6.25. Since I was heading to New England there were no seats and I had to purchase a new ticket on a different airline and could only get to Hartford. That ticket cost me $600 and I am very upset with their lack of customer service. My advice don't fly United Silver unless you have make your flights a day apart. This company didn't apologize and kept us in the dark.
My family and I were flying from Cancun to San Antonio with what was supposed to be a short stop in Houston. Because the plane departed late from Cancun we made it through the long lines and customs with 15 minutes left to make our gate. That is until they called me back and said they won't take my luggage. I asked why and was told there was not enough time. We told them we could easily make it to the gate and they refused to let us go. Instead we were sent to the ticket counter to. Rebook our flight. That is when we were told the flights were booked and we might not leave till the next day. They were not willing to work with us at all and it just infuriated us more. We asked to speak to the manager and he also came off as arrogant and took no responsibility for our situation. We ended up having words with him that got us nowhere. That was the last flight with United that we will take.
I traveled from Minneapolis to New York and didn't have to check my suitcase at all. Then on my way back to Minneapolis I had to check my bag at LaGuardia airport in NY. I don't understand why I have to check my bag on the way back but not on the way there. The baggage people were not the nicest and it definitely wasn't an ideal situation. I had to pay a fee that I wasn't planning on paying and I shouldn't have had to pay it. From this experience I would not fly United Airlines again.
With so many carriers to choose from why would anyone fly United. We flew from San Fran to Boston and were never offered a glass of water. There was no entertainment offered. On the flight out it cost $7.99 for DirectTV and it was not worth it. The 'food' offerings were terrible (Pringles? Trail mix?). There is no leg room and seats barely recline. Is this airline for real?
We set out from Omaha NE approx. 6am to arrive in Kona HI on Feb. 5th at approx 2.30pm. We had connecting flights in Denver and LAX. We sat on the runway in Omaha for 1.5 hrs with maintenance issues and paperwork past our connecting flight departure time out of Denver. At Denver they shuffled us back and forth between customer service and the boarding gate finally they ended up booking us on a flight to Oahu then Hawaiian Airlines to Kona. When we arrived in Oahu they had no record of us saying United did not have us booked to Kona. After waiting for everyone to board they were able to get us on. We arrived in Kona approx. 6.5 hrs after we expected to missing a 1/2 a day of our vacation time any activities we had booked and no luggage! Our luggage arrived about 11pm at night. Our return flight was not any better. We arrived at the airport early and was told they had a flight leaving shortly and room on it. With our Kona bound experience we thought it may be a good idea to have more time. Before we boarded they had hydraulic problems and the flight was delayed. We were told our tickets were gone for our originally booked flight. So we waited and for once we made it in time for our connecting flight to Denver until we boarded the plane and the starter went out on the plane they brought it back in fixed it but not before we missed our connecting flight from Denver to Omaha. By now we were wondering if this was normal for United? At Denver again we were shuffled around until they finally found a flight into Omaha for us. Our flight experience with United was well below satisfactory levels. The maintenance issues should be a concern for United. I wonder what their Preventative Maintenance plan looks like if they have one at all and or if they should reconsider their Union as paperwork should not take that long. Not sure we will ever Fly United again. On the positive side we made it there and back!
I have never experienced such horrible service as I did this past weekend. I purchased my tickets on Jan 30 2015 for a trip on March 8 2015. Arriving at my destination was a pleasant experience the return was horrible upon receiving my boarding passes I did have a seat assigned in which when I bought my tickets I choose my desired seats. All of this occurred at the Washington Dulles Airport First of all I did not have a seat due to no seating being assigned to me and was told I may not have one due to overbooking. The flight ended up being cancelled due to the crew being late so therefore I was not able to get home because no other flights were being booked for my destination. Spent the night in the airport and when I did reach my destination the next morning my luggage had not yet been shipped. This is terrible service being that this was my first time using United.
This was my first time flying with United. I took a trip from Kona HI to Salt Lake City UT. After 30 minutes and not taking off we finally discovered the fuel pump was out. Problems happen so that wasn't an issue. But they continued to have us sit on the airplane for 3 hours and got upset when people stood up even though the plane was not moving. After the three hours they confirmed the flight was canceled. They set everyone up with a hotel and a new flight which was excellent. My next two flights were delayed for over 25 min of the original take-off time making people rush if they had a connecting flight. I was not at all satisfied with how the trip went. My one day of travel turned into three days. On the newer planes the seats were comfortable. The staff were always well mannered and helpful. The food and beverages were good and the inflight entertainment wasn't great but there were a few options on the bigger planes. The small planes only had magazines which are not entertaining at all. I would not recommend United to anyone I care about.
Flight 1570 to Tampa 3/2/15. It is absolutely unacceptable to make everyone board and say final boarding call almost half an hour early and then not have the plane prepared with food and beverages and make us sit on the plane waiting for food. Still sitting here when we should have left an hour ago. Why would you not have what is always needed on the plane? It's not a surprise. Why do we need food and beverage when the flight is 2 hours and everyone wants to leave without it? This is poor service poor planning and poor management. We will not be flying United anymore. I have never had this issue with such a short domestic flight. Unfortunately we had to fly United because we had to travel for a funeral and these were the only flights. Now we just want to get home but now we can't because we need stale pretzels that someone may want to purchase and no one can prepare or tell time. Never fly United the Unfriendly Sky's.
Houston to Tokyo in Business Class. Five hours before landing in Tokyo when most people are sleeping the fasten seatbelt sign came on and the following recorded announcement was made very loudly. "Ladies and Gentlemen the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign. Please return to your seat and fasten your seatbelt." I can't imagine anyone being able to sleep through the announcement. I was never able to fall asleep again during the flight. Can't United find a better way to alert passengers to the fasten seatbelt sign like a message on the television screen? Many United pilots turn on the fasten seatbelt sign when they need to use the toilet so it does come on a lot. Otherwise the food wine and entertainment were excellent and the seat made a very comfortable bed.
We traveled from the United States to a resort in Punta Cana. On the return trip our flight was delayed out of Punta Cana by an hour. This created a very short window of time to catch our connecting flight in Philadelphia. A plane was too close to the baggage area which delayed our bags and caused us to miss our connecting flight. We were then told there were no other flights that evening. (It was 8.30pm). The next available flight was at 9.45 the next morning. We were then informed that since the delay was because of "airport traffic" United was not responsible for paying for a hotel room for us-she did provide us with a pink card that would allegedly provide a cheap rate for us. After calling the number on the card that this upstanding United Airlines representative had so generously given us we learned that the nearest hotel we could stay at was 50 miles away. We were fortunate to find a "Parking Spot" driver who took us to a nearby hotel where many other stranded United Airlines customers ended up that evening. I hope to never have to give another dime to United Airlines and have told the travel agent to avoid them if at all possible.
I flew from Puerto Vallarta (PVR) to DC with a connection in Houston. There were literally thousands of people waiting to check in to United flights in PVR with lines stretching the length of the entire terminal. Only four check in desks were open one was even closed. There were no announcements and a United rep went through the lines asking for passengers on the next flight only once. Flights out of PVR were delayed by as much as 2 hours or more. There was no help in Houston for people who would miss their connections. I arrived at my gate just before the door closed and the sullen attendant at the desk refused to ask permission for me to board. A few minutes later the door even opened to let out a passenger who had been checked into the wrong flight and the (now two) attendants refused to try to get me on board. This was the last flight out to DC and as a result I had to stay overnight in Houston. All told it took me 26 hours to travel from PVR to DC entirely due to United's incompetence and non-existent communications. A true nightmare.
We booked a flight from BWI to IAH for 2/22 at 7.10 am and were scheduled to arrive in Houston at 9.45 am. Instead we did not arrive until about 8pm. It was an all day ordeal and we lost an entire day of our vacation. United had mechanical issues on flight 234 but after many delay announcements it took them until about noon to cancel the flight. We sat on the plane for a short while then for many hours in the airport until they cancelled it. Then we had to go all the way back out to check-in to wait in a line for about another 2 hours to be told there were no flights at BWI to Houston that day. United employees were few and far between not nearly enough to handle the re-booking of an entire flight. Eventually we were bussed to the Dulles airport for a 4.30 flight to Houston. We were not given any food and United employees were short-tempered and quite helpless. I heard other passengers say they received food vouchers so I couldn't help but wonder why we were not given anything. Maybe it was because we were Travelocity customers rather than direct customers with United or maybe it was because we were very easy and never mouthy or difficult with anyone. On our flight from Dulles to IAH I was seated in a middle seat separated from my husband which was very difficult because of all the turbulence and my motion sickness. Our experience with United when flying back started out much the same - computers down very long lines and few United employees to help. After check-in the process finally improved and our flight back to BWI was smooth and uneventful.
Just got hosed by United's new international luggage policy. Flew from US to Grand Cayman Island last week. No longer do they allow the usual 1 checked bag free which is the standard on international travel. $25 for my wife's bag and $25 not overweight not oversized just a regular bag. Seems now any checked bag now is charged for shorter international flights. Plus to make matters worse for some bizarre reason Grand Cayman will not let you go through security with a fly rod despite having flown all around the world with one and no problem from any other security. So now this has to be checked which becomes a 2nd checked bag at $40. $40 for a couple 30" long by 1 1.2" diameter tubes taped together! At least that one was only on the return leg. I travel a lot and while I cant say I will never fly United again since there are limited options anymore but it will flat out have to be my only option to a place I really want to go to. They even require you to pay if you wanted to watch the flight information screen which is just a GPS screen with a plane drawn on it showing where you are on a map! They have always been bad now they are abusive.
I flew from Sky Harbour to San Francisco for a connecting flight to China. As per other American Airlines United really is a cattle truck delivery. On both flights with United you had to check any items larger than a backpack at the gate often by a grumpy employee. The flight was okay but the cabin attendant look like she was going out shopping for the day United really lacks class on all level.
2 weeks ago my husband and I went to New Zealand. For years we travelled with Air Canada or Air New Zealand and this last time we made a big mistake and decided to fly with United. We prolonged our arrival to Auckland by a few good hours but we would have co-oped with these extra hours had it not been for the awful time on the flight to and from Auckland. There is no room for peoples legs. This is a very long flight and airlines need to consider peoples health. The food was awful. Cold and not edible. The flight attendants beyond rude. I was shocked when 2 of them who could not decide if the liquid in the pots was tea or coffee simply removed the lids and put their noses in. When we got to Sydney Australia we embarked on an Air New Zealand flight to Auckland. What a huge difference. All of the sudden we could stretch our legs. The food was edible and the flight attendants were courteous. Going back home to Canada the experience repeated itself. We flew Air New Zealand to Sydney and everything was good and then hell repeated itself when we had to embark Untied from Sydney to Canada. My husband and I decided that never again will we fly United.
February 27th flight UA 836 from Shanghai to Chicago was delayed 1.5 hours we got on the plane and were told that one of the radios was not working. After 2 hours the captain said that the flight was cancelled. I was sitting on the upper deck. When the flight crew were walking out of the flight deck they saw us all sitting and asked why were we still in our seats and did they not tell us that the flight was cancelled? We told them that no one made the announcement! Half an hour later the gate agent came in and told everyone in Chinese that the flight was cancelled they repeated in English that we should get off take our bags and proceed to door number 24 near Burger King where there would be a bus to take us to the hotel. They did not say which hotel or which bus. Everyone was confused which way to go. After much shouting by the mob of passengers they lead us to passport control. We went through but could not find out how to get out of immigration. Together with another passenger found gate number 24 but there were no people or buses. I found a United staff member who told us that the door had been changed to #23. We went out and there were 4 buses. No one knew what we were saying as they did not speak English. Luckily a Chinese woman came and we found the bus to learn that they were taking us to Sheraton 1 hour away. I decided to go to the Airport hotel which is in the terminal instead and pay out of pocket. They have arranged for the same plane to fly tomorrow at noon. This is an unscheduled flight. United really dropped the ball everyone was stranded with no direction or help.
Terrible experience flying UA from SFO to IAD. Very poor customer service all along the continuum. First my return seat assignment was changed from an aisle to middle seat without my knowledge (no one would correct the error by phone) then there was a 5 hour delay leaving SFO. Upon arrival at IAD we found our luggage had been loaded on a different plane that would not arrive at Dulles for another hour. Because of the 5-hour delay it was almost midnight at this point. The next day we had to go in search of our own luggage at the "lost luggage" distribution center. United Customer service staff was of no help. Talk about the unfriendly skies.
Cheap cheap cheap. Golly how expensive would it be to let people watch the TV news on an all-day plane ride or allow 'free' Wi-Fi which is free everywhere else in the western world? A few snacks anything? Had a lovely cheerful flight attendant between San Francisco to Newark but all the airline nickel-and-diming takes all the fun out of what used to be half the fun: getting there-or back. It's as though they hate their passengers and make the trips as miserable as possible seats too narrow for a normal rear end aisles two skeletons could not pass in no place to put your legs if you have two seats that recline an inch and a half charges for even a small bag everything. Back to cars and trains or staying home I think it is just too exhausting and annoying and expensive to fly anymore.
My wife and I flew business/first class on United Airlines from Maui to Denver with a plane change in LAX. Our flight on 2/5/2015 from Maui to LAX was UA417 an ancient 757-200. We paid a total of $4924.40 for two round trip tickets. Flight 417 was more like riding an old dusty city bus. Keeping in mind that we were in first class we were offered only a small bag of potato chips. That was it. We were told that there were no more snacks and we could have only one bag of chips. The flight attendants mainly sat in their jump seats the whole time just chatting or snoozing. The purser was pretty snotty when asked any questions. We had the old style seats that didn't recline much. And beyond our belief on the ongoing flight from LAX to DEN we had lay-flat beds. For a flight lasting less than two hours. We sure could have used those lay-flat beds for the over-ocean portion. We've avoided United for several years now and from now on will continue to avoid them.
Travel from Newark to BOM direct and back Delhi to Newark direct. Paid for extra leg room but didn't feel much different. Food leaving Newark was good. On way back from India it was terrible. The veg breakfast was not edible. On return at Newark they could not unload checked bags for over two hours. Those with connections missed them. No apologies were made or compensation provided. In the future will prefer any other airline to United and are considering canceling our United credit card. Worst airline in business today.
Flying UA in F (oxymoron alert) from ORD to NRT. Our 13-hour flight was delayed for three hours after we had boarded because of radio issues. About 30 minutes into the wait they opened up the main door and with temps outside around zero the F cabin quickly became a freezer. I could actually see the breath of the pax in 4A. The cabin itself was tired and dirty with tissues stuck between my seat and the wall. The toilet rubbish bin overflowed about halfway through the flight and was never emptied. The toilet seat was filthy by the end of the flight. WiFi was broken. On the bright side the amenity kit comes with a United-branded ballpoint pen and comb. The food apart from a cold but well-cooked tenderloin steak was largely inedible. The “sausage” that came with the dry crusty omelette was a hard brown puck of mystery meat. Food in ANA Y is far better. There was no wine list because there were only four mediocre wines and some cheap sparkling in 375ml bottles. Service was not rude for the most part but below economy standards on any Asian carrier. I had to wait 10 minutes to get a cup of dishwater coffee. When the woman seated next to me asked what the squid sushi was the FA replied (with a smile to be fair) “Don't ask me I don't make it.”The shoulder harness that F pax are required to wear on takeoff and landing was extremely uncomfortable. When I remarked on this (politely and with a smile) to the FA while putting mine on she patronizingly replied “We can endure anything for a few minutes Mr. Johnson.”Will never ever fly United long-haul again.
I have flown United my whole life. It had been ten years since I had flown. This last week we flew from the mid west to the pacific coast using nothing but United. It's natural to have delays from weather related issues but We didn't have any to worry about. What has completely destroyed my desire to fly anywhere again is the complete lack of planning customer service and treatment from all the personnel we had contact with. Our delays service and vacation was substandard because we chose this airline. I will not recommend this airline to anyone.
Overall based on a round-trip flight between IAD and SFO I would give United 0 stars. On the outbound leg there was a medical emergency on-board and the United flight crew was totally unprepared to handle the situation. If a medical kit was on-board it wasn't made available to the medical personnel who tried to provide assistance and it took 15 minutes for the Flight attendant to bring a wet towel to help cool the patient down. Our return flight was delayed by almost 5 hours with not even "we apologize" for the delay from United. Then our bags were placed on a different flight that didn't arrive until 1 hours after our flight and the bags didn't show up at the airport until 4 hours after we landed. Again no apologies from United. then we got numerous texts from United about the status of our bags. One even claimed the bags arrived at IAD 2 hours before we did. Most of the customer support folks at the Baggage Claim customer support were surly and not the kind of people who should be working in customer support.
SFO-HND/NRT-SFO in First. The outbound flight was so not First Class. The crew never addressed anyone by name-I think there were 6 of us and when my aisle mate had trouble finding the chest belt the FA motioned and pointed rather than walking to the seat to assist. The dinner was OK but there was no style in its presentation-or of any of the meal. The crew was present when necessary but had no real interaction with any passengers that I observed. The breakfast was insipid. Again poorly presented eggs lukewarm and the potato patty was soggy and blah as was the some-kind-of sausage patty. All in all it was a simply so far off the "First Class" moniker that I arrived feeling nothing but annoyance. The return from Narita was much better. United still lacks any sense of presentation or style but the crew was friendly present and engaged. The meals were both better than those on the inbound more tasty and hot but still far off the mark that is achieved by other airlines not only in First but even in Business. I used miles but had I paid the full freight I would have been furious at what was delivered. I will give UA credit for its hard product. The seat is comfortable and has plenty of storage area and the IFE is good.
From the moment we tried to check in at the Spokane Airport until our return from Costa Rica a week later we felt like we were just a major inconvenience to the entire Airline. At check in the staff member rolled her eyes while informing us we were in the wrong line and it went downhill from there. No smiles no greetings no nothing - flight crew were grumpy and detached. When I asked what was on their food menu for purchase another roll of the eyes and was informed it was in the book in front of me. Leaving the plane you could almost hear the flight crew heave a sigh of relief the flight was over and they were rid of us the entire plane load. We were pried into our seats with a shoe horn and never in all my travels have I felt so claustrophobic - the 3 hour leg of the trip was almost unbearable to sit through. No leg room small seating and the person ahead of me nearly had his head in my lap when reclining. Given a choice this would be an airline choice of last resort.
I recently flew from Indiana to Kansas City with a connection in Chicago. My flight from IN to Chicago was delayed by two hours causing me to miss my connection and stay another night. The staff at the ticket counter were very rude and not helpful at all. The next day my flight from Chicago to KS was delayed again because of another plane coming late. Two and a half hours later we finally take off. All the staff can say is sorry for the delay. Needless to say I will never fly with United again.
I have no idea why they call travelling United "flying the friendly skies". I have not seen even one friendly FA during my two flights. During SJU-EWR leg we weren't even greeted while boarding the plane. It felt like a sarcastic joke when they showed a safety video at the beginning of the flight with smiling crew greeting you since all you see on board is sad tired unprofessional crew. The flight was 90 minutes late due to an electronic glitch in one of the plane's systems. Even though many were going to miss their connections in FRA there were no apologies given - just a statement of facts. Pilot announcements consisted of mumbling something intelligible into a PA system couple of times and when it was brought to the attention of a FA she responded "Oh yes I know I could not understand him either". Thirdly it is a meal service. Food itself was inedible but this is a common trend of many airlines so I did not have any expectation in regards. The main issue was what they call service on board United or total lack of it. There were no smiles no "enjoy your meal" no "what would you like" just appalling "what do you want" and throwing it at your table - truly "the friendly sky"! There was a row and a half of passengers forgotten during the beverage service and FA had to be reminded to serve us some drinks. I understand mistakes and miscommunication may happen but a little "sorry" would be the right word to say. There were none! And lastly is the seat comfort. I understood that new United modus operandi of the economy class is to squeeze you towards the back of the plane into old uncomfortable seats with no leg room (in which no one should be allowed legally to seat for more than 2 hours) so you would spend a hundred or so bucks for the Economy Extra next time you fly with them. I also however do believe that even the most affordable on-board service class should include some basics of travel and hospitality: decent amount of leg room (not extra but just sufficient) acceptable service and a friendly crew. Anything beyond that should be considered extra and come for a price of course that customer will chose to pay or not. Since United has obviously different point of view in this regard I will avoid flying them next time.
Houston to Narita and Narita to Houston - dirty plane restrooms not cleaned during the flight and staff could learn how to serve with a smile from almost every Asian airline. Only positive was the flights were on time. We should not be treated like cattle and rude attendants who complained about the merger of two airlines rather than even attempting to serve the passengers. Oh and the meals were 1/2 the quality of ANA Delta Air France or KLM.
Up at 3 am for a 6 am flight from Buffalo to Miami with stop in Newark. Buffalo to Newark bathrooms on plane out of order. They were to tell us before we boarded but did not. Arrive Newark 8 minutes late. First ones off aircraft onto shuttle at terminal "A" to terminal "C". Race through airport no time for bathroom stop arrive gate to be told they sold our seats. They had to know we were on the flight because they had our luggage. Very angry workers directed me to service desk where they booked us on a flight 12 hours later to Miami where we had to pay for another hotel for a night because the car rental company that we booked through was closed. The plane was still at the gate while we were making other arrangements. I am a frequent flyer and will now utilize another airline.
SJU-EWR-FRA. First leg in the Economy Plus seat located next to a toilet with a broken door that would not close by itself - very annoying. Inhospitable apathetic crew. No greetings no smiles robotic service. EWR departure 2 hours late. No apologies just stating the fact. Old cramped seats filthy toilets nasty food no complimentary alcoholic beverages unfriendly incompetent under-trained crew with same "we do not care" attitude on EWR-FRA leg. Why they call themselves "flying the friendly skies" is still a mystery to me! In general if United domestic service is bad its transatlantic one is just appalling. I wonder how they manage to compete with other airlines and still sell their tickets since there are so many choices now. I would never recommend this airline to anyone!
Recently flew from Boston to San Francisco on a 757. First at the check in where Star Alliance Gold Passengers have to pay for an extra bag. Then to the lounge - dirty and too full. Then onboard - crew so grumpy and super senior rude crew. Very limited service and no smiles at all. Crew just wanted to get their job done so they could chat amongst themselves at the back of the Y class cabin. Honestly I dread flying this airline - UA has to be the worst airline in the Star Alliance. SQ TG NH TK please teach them how to serve their customers better!
I have been a loyal UA Mileage Plus customer since 1984. On my last flight from FLL to SFO (Flight 1645 on 2/1/2015) I was not admitted into the FLL Lounge - despite me having presented a very valid UA Club Pass which I received last week in relation to my new Chase MP Explorer Visa Card. Even the remark that I travel on First Class did nothing. The lady in the lounge claimed that the United Passes I got from Chase were falsified! They were not as UA customer service later confirmed. The flight itself was a horrible experience: None of very old blue leather seats in First Class reclined. There were no foot-rest (which is standard even in many Economy Classes around the world - for example on Turkish Airlines). The United First Class Seat was at least 30 years old with a sealed armrest ashtray. The food was horrible and cold and a stewardess did not know the difference between white wine and champagne. The Video system on my seat had no audio. The much touted "Wi-Fi” did not work - I could not connect. I conveyed to UAL that they should not use such equipment on long-haul flights. The flight in First (which really was not a First Class experience at all) cost me 50.000 Miles. I will frequent other airlines from now on.
Frequent flyer here. Worst flight experience I have had. Flight was supposed to be 53 minutes long. Got 44 minutes delayed due to late arrival of the plane. After boarding 15 minutes delay due to "technical difficulties". Smallest plane I've been in. Even though I wasn't planning on checking in my backpack the plane was so small that most passengers had to give their carry on luggage to the flight attendants to pick up from the luggage claim later. After landing (59 minutes after we were supposed to) the baggage claim carousel wasn't turned on until 35 minutes later! 2 other flights' passengers have landed after us collected their luggage from the carousel next to ours and left. Finally 40 minutes after landing (which is unusual for a domestic flight at a small airport) they started providing our luggage. The only good part about the whole flight was the behaviour of the pilot and the attendant. My ride was waiting outside for an hour and a half and I was extremely embarrassed. Never again.
Recently travelled from Fort Lauderdale to Vancouver on 2 different United Airline flights. I have never complained to an airline before about leg room until now and have been travelling since 1976. If you tried to seat your pet into an area as small I think you would be answering to a higher authority. That's how bad it is folks! They actually allow passengers to recline their seats during the flights so you know the rest of the story!
In-flight service is long out the window video entertainment is endless infomercials and the last scraps of legroom have vanished into thin air. On a recent full flight from Newark to Los Angeles a new super skinny seating was encountered that climbs to a whole new altitude of pain and suffering. When reputable airlines change to slim seats the airline gets more seats on the plane and passengers get a bit more legroom but at United this would never fly. United now using Continentals short-haul 737-900s on long-haul routes has extra extra seats that don’ t quite fit. To make passable exit row clearance seats behind are compacted to even less than their typical 30-inch seat pitch on this aircraft - less than the 31-inches specified for many other flights - and much less than the 32-inches United advertises when selling economy seats. My seat had only 2-feet clear butt-to-shin with perhaps an additional 4-inch knee-high seatback thickness - probably a 28-inch pinch - or less! When the passenger in front tried repeatedly to recline - there being no extra room it was impossible. The passenger drew a cabin attendant to complain that I would not allow the seat to recline. The attendant seriously explained to me that the passenger had purchased a ticket entitling them to my leg space and may fully recline the seat. Unfazed the attendant told me that if I wanted extra legroom I should have purchased an“Economy-Plus” seat. I asked how much it would cost but there were no free seats - at any price. I explained that I did not need extra legroom just sufficient room - which they were not providing. Not reconciled to the laws of physics the attendant continued insisting that this was all my fault - that I was taking up space that I was not entitled to - and had me turn sideways putting my knees in the aisle so the seat could recline. My shoulder was now in the way of the seat. I could not turn back either and complained that the vending carts would hurt my legs even more than the seatback. Only then did the attendant finally suggest that the other passenger switch seats with their adjacent small child. For $25 a luggage bag had more space than me - and was treated much better!
My family and I flew United for the last time over the holidays. We bought tickets the previous March in order to get direct flights to the west coast and seats together. We chose to fly out of Logan - very inconvenient for us but the only airport offering a direct flight. A few weeks before our trip we received an email telling us that our flights had all been changed. Now we were leaving hours earlier getting in hours later with stopovers both ways. These flights were on Christmas day and New Year's Eve - clearly a few hours made a huge difference. Also our seats were no longer together. I will never fly United again. Customer service is terrible.
Never again will my family and I fly with United Airlines! We flew in from Sacramento to San Fran and we missed the connecting flight to Hawaii because of their delays. We had to wait 2 hours then fly up to Seattle and then to Hawaii which made a 5 hour flight over 6 hours! On the way back from Hawaii we had a flight connecting us from LAX to Sacramento but missed it once more because we were sitting on the Tarmac for 40 minutes doing nothing. There were no more flights to SAC so we had to spend the night in LA. My husband 2 sons and I are now missing work and my 2 other children are missing school. Missing the flight once was bad enough but a second one is totally unacceptable. Both times the planes we needed to get on were sitting there and we were only late by minutes and they wouldn't let us on. We missed a whole day in Hawaii because of it. Also on the flight with UN from Hawaii to LA there was no complimentary food.
Flight 914 from CDG to MCI with connection at Washington Dulles on Jan 14 in Economy class. The product featured by United is sub-standard. Of course ageing aircraft in the main leg (767) is clean and well maintained and this is the minimum you can expect from one of the largest airlines in the world. Check-in boarding operations baggage everything ok. Seats are standard. VOD is poor with very limited options and not user friendly. The music program was out of order for this flight and films not plenty. Besides on individual screens maps are not detailed and this system is less advanced than 20 years ago (I am not joking) in Asian companies. Also flight information is given exclusively in feet inches miles just if the metric system does not exist in the rest of the world! Regarding meals they are almost edible. We had chicken with some sauce (more sweet than sour) a large salad with a too smallish cup of dressing (good) and a kind of sponge cake pompously christened crumble – wrapped in a cello paper printed European quality but made in Alabama. All in a very small slippy tray complimented with picnic cutlery (100% plastic). And of course passengers have to pay 7.99 $ for one beer. Ridiculous. By the way a sandwich (not bad) was served before landing but do not expect more than water between meal and snack. Fruit juices ice creams and other open bar is a dream out of reach at United. Attitude of cabin crew very professional (attendants have apparently about 20/25 years experience) working efficiently but not cheerful (friendly skies really?) in very bland uniforms which could be copied from Railways of the 70’ Being familiar with Asian and Middle East airlines I find United well below what you may expect from such a large corporation.
United Premium Economy is a gamble it seems to be directly dependent on the type of aircraft you are flying. On a 777 the seats are nice and spacious the services (seatback entertainment) are premium and you can really feel the extra legroom making the extra charge totally worthwhile. On a 747 the opposite is true I had more room in Economy on an Airbus than I did in Premium Economy on a 747. On the 747 I couldn't even fit my very small backpack under the seat in front of me and what little legroom I had was obstructed by a large piece of plastic. The aisles were noticeably narrower as well which made every beverage service an exercise in getting smacked with a cart (not fun on a 13 hour flight). I did notice there was an extra seat in every row on the 747 which is probably were all that extra room went. Also relying on the old school movie screens meant that even if you were trying to sleep a bright light was shining in your face. On the bright side as always the crew were nice courteous and professional. Long story short though? If you're going to spring for the Economy Plus make sure you're on the right type of plane it makes a big difference.
I flew to London on the so called "Dreamliner". United is so bad they have now changed out the seats in coach to the same tiny seats for short commuter flights. United plus is not a better seat or service just more leg room which is the least of the issues unless your over 6 feet tall. Beer and Wine are now $7 each! They are free on European airlines with more comfortable seats. I used to be bothered when they cancelled direct flights from Houston to Paris. Now I don't have to chose between United and Air France!
We had truly horrible service from the first flight out to the last flight of the return trip. United booked us to fly into Newark to connect with a flight out of JFK - we got the joy of finding this out when we checked in. On the return flight from Zurich the cabin crew announced that they were short staffed due to management cut- backs. Translation in our case where we were seated near the rear of the plane is that we got one small sandwich six hours into the flight. I would have killed for a glass of water and maybe some food. Then our connecting flight to Raleigh was cancelled due to 'weather' and therefore we were responsible for our own sleeping arrangements. The 'weather' in Raleigh was drizzle. Our bags went American and arrived on time. A complaint to United was not even met with an apology. Instead they offered of a $100 voucher for future travel with them!
I try to avoid flying United when I can but as I was with Continental I sort of inherited their frequent flyer program. So my review is of a recent flight this last summer but also of their frequent flyer plan which unless you are a Business flyer I would avoid. It's almost impossible to move up to Gold with them. I flew 50K miles flew on them 4 times but failed to spend 5000 dollars on their tickets because I live overseas and usually fly Turkish and claim the miles because I thought they were in the same alliance which it turns out isn't really true - at least not for United. The flight we took was from London to Houston. Cancelled because it's United and we were placed on a flight to NYC in an effort to get us to a flight that connected to Texas which we missed so then they put us on a flight to Chicago so that they wouldn't have to pay for a Hotel etc ad nauseam. Funnily enough our flight back to London from Texas had one leg cancelled because it's United and they told us to drive from Austin to Houston but that's another story altogether. The plane we were on from London to NYC was just about clean enough my gluten free meal was gone because it's United (My flight had been cancelled and my meal with it) and the entertainment system was down because it's United. Needless to say I am now with the FF program of Turkish Airlines and will never fly United again unless it's impossible due to US monopolistic practices. Don't fly United.
I am currently sitting on the flight that was supposed to depart at 6.05 am from NY to Dayton. It is 6.40 am and we have not taken off. We have been sitting on the plane for almost an hour due to "maintenance issues." I am not going to make my connection and this is after the exact same issue on the flight I took to NY. I was sceptical to book a flight with United based on anecdotal experience with friends and family but now I am experiencing it first hand on both legs of the trip. The first flight of the day and it is delayed? It is evident how United does business. By the way no word on when we are leaving.
UA163 GUM-ICN 1/5/2015. We sat in the airplane 1.5 hours before departure due to a missing logbook. Add 5.5 hours to destination makes 7 hours total time in ac. Breakfast was served it was small and below standard. Flight attendants were hard to find for any extra drinks. 2.5 hours prior to destination captain turned on fasten seat belts sign due to turbulence hence terminating inflight service. There was no turbulence we were on top of the cloud layer. There was no turbulence during descent as well. I feel the seat belt sign was turned on to avoid further service to passengers. Inflight entertainment was poor quality. The small movie screen had continuous static making it impossible to watch.
MAN to EWR RT BusinessFirst. I have been a loyal CO customer for about 20 years and have tried so hard to like the new United but my patience has definitely worn out. The service inboard is simply too hit or miss and increasingly miss. The FA's treat passengers like a necessary evil to be served minimally and with zero smiles or grace. The service is functional at best and once completed the FAs hide behind the curtain. Worst still their planes are already showing signs of ageing - on the outbound flight my moms seat reclined minimally and then jammed so she had to spend the rest of the flight bolt upright (she refused to switch with me). Notably the same seat was still broken 10 days later when she took the same flight home on clearly the same plane. Crew were indifferent to the seat problem. BA and Delta both have far more dependably good service and UA has simply stopped trying. I did a DL Gold status match for 2015 so will ditch UA after all these years. Shame but they just don't deserve my business anymore.
IAH-GIG-B767/400. In the morning on United Airlines on-line check-in I could see that Aircraft would not be a 777 but a 767. At night  on departure mess was absolute. Seats had been re-marked separating couples etc.. Departure was delayed 2 hours due to Cargo issues resulting of Aircraft change (which was NOT unexpected). Late 1h45 mn at arrival in Rio. No Amenities pouch (why?). Unacceptable food for International Business class: Ugly and dry. Overcooked. IFE was the same as 2 months before. How ? Seat remains flat and comfortable. FA's tried their best but passengers were upset.
Dallas - New York - Stockholm. I have previously promised to never fly United again after a couple of extremely poor flight and customer care experiences. Now I end up on two United flights once again because that seemed to be the only option. This time the experience was slightly better. The staff is still a bit grumpy the entertainment system is below average the food is among the worst I have had in the air and the check-in processes are a bit strange. Nevertheless I ended up coming home on time without being too frustrated!
Flying now United Airlines round the world starting from Europe. Never again on a UA flight unless it is the last choice. They started me on a feeder flight from Oslo to Frankfurt only to tell me that they pushed me 24 hours on their flight to Chicago because they simply cancelled the flight that day. I did not accept and got across with Air Canada but ended in Toronto rather than USA. Had 5 internal flights in the US scheduled time seems an approximate time not a target for UA. I boarded in Washington on UA803 via Japan with same flight number going to Singapore. After boarding we sat excess 15 hours in the plane awaiting for UA to finish their maintenance. Arrived Tokyo only about 40 minutes late but was told too late to board the 803 flight to Singapore. On arrival I had a good 30 minutes and only hand luggage. Tough luck same flight number means 2 different airplanes on the two legs and no margin to be late crossing the Pacific. 6 hours waiting with shifting to Haneda. Business class and Star Alliance Gold card means nothing to UA's level of service. Never UA again.
I flew from San Francisco to Managua and the overall value and service was typical for United. United has the worst food and in-flight entertainment in the industry. The flight attendants want to serve you food immediately after the flight begins so they can chatter in the forward and rear galleys of the airplane. Low fat potato chips and cookies are not a snack they are the lowest cost food options that you can offer your customers. United Airlines overall is of the worst carriers for inflight services in the airline industry. I was in Business/First and they wanted me to pay for both the internet and DirectTV why don't you just consider me a customer that hates your airlines and that will avoid you at all costs.
SFO-SEA-SFO. A320 + B737/900. Late on departure in both cases. On time at arrival in both cases. No frills. Check- in smooth and as an alliance gold no baggage cost.
Every flight I was booked on today was late or canceled. I am sure the airlines would say not our fault but it was late planes. Mechanical failures that blocked gates. First officers that don't show up and scratches on the bottoms of wings that mysteriously grow while the FO can't be located. Two guys booked on the flight decided to drive to Indy because it would be faster than flying. Not a ringing endorsement.
SFO-IAH B767-300. Seat broken not inclining. No advise at check-in that would allow a change before upgrade list to be activated. Lounge as a nice view but nothing to eat and bar is paid. Went to Singapore Airlines one. Much better.
This was my first and last time flying with United. I am a frequent Delta and Southwest traveler and was beyond disappointed with my experience on United. Our second flight was cancelled and it took someone over 15 minutes to inform us of this cancellation-additionally I was not notified via their app about this cancellation. It was 10am and they claimed they had no way to get us home that day unless we spent $80 to take a shuttle to another airport and then took two more flights from there. They then charged us three times for our bags. Overall (not including the two extra bag charges) this cost us an additional $180 and they refused to pay for a cent. I will never fly this airline again. Also as a side note as we spent the entire day in the airport we noticed that they overbooked every single flight some flights were overbooked by more than 10 people! Terrible airline-poor customer service and extra fees for everything (snacks bags television etc.)
On our way back from Cancun we had a stopover in Houston. The flight from Cancun was delayed 1.5 hrs leaving us under 40 minutes to go through customs re-check our bags and get to a different gate in another terminal. We did not make our connecting flight. Along the way there were no helpful attendants and no actions taken to give us even a fighting chance to get to our gate. They attendants on the plane had no information about gates connecting flights or any other helpful info. We missed our connecting flight to New York. We kept getting sporadic ever- changing alert texts from United. Sometimes the flight was delayed by 2 hours and then reverted back to half an hour. We did not received a comped hotel and had to spend additional money staying the night at Houston. We were re-booked onto a flight the next day at 10.21 am. We arrived at the airport approximately two hours before the flight. Tthe flight was delayed 54 minutes and would now be departing at 11.15am. Shortly after we were told that the flight was delayed for 2.5 hours departing at 12.45pm. Having been up and at the airport since early morning we were famished. We decided to use the restrooms and grab a quick bite to eat as we had a 4-5 hour flight ahead of us. In that extremely brief time the flight time was reverted to 11 am. We received the notification at 10.30. After the flight was delayed 2.5 hours we made the rational decision to eat something in the meanwhile. Does United expect that it's customers not get up from their seats to relieve themselves get a drink of water or a quick bite to eat after having waited at the airport for so long? We missed our connecting flight again due to incompetence and poor customer service. We immediately went to an agent where we again received attitude and condescending lectures. I travel back and forth from the United States just to Canada alone at least 7x (round trip) a year. We recommend you stay away from this airline.
I was astonished that 3 out of 4 flights of my honeymoon were delayed. In fact 2 of the delayed flights were more than 2 hours delayed. We flew 28th May 2014 LHR-SFO which was on time where we were supposed to catch a flight to HNL. The HNL flight was over an hour late in departure. On our return trip on 18th June 2014 the HNL-IAD flight was more than 2 hours late and the connecting flight to LHR on 19th June was boarded then disembarked as the plane was faulty - and we ended up with a 3 hour delay. No one at the airline seemed particularly bothered or apologetic.
Flew from San Diego to Mobile. On all 4 flights they didn't have my husband and I sitting together. We talked to customer service at both airports and they refused to make any changes unless we paid $59 to upgrade to an extra leg room seat. To add insult to injury you have to pay for your luggage pay for the direct TV pay for any snacks - not even a peanut for free.
I have had more then one bad experience with United Airlines. Used United to fly at least 10 times in the last 10 months and almost 8 of those times something has gone wrong - cancelled flights ridiculous charges for flight changes if necessary recently my boyfriend couldn't make his first flight so United was going to cancel his round trip ticket home which meant he had to buy new flights. These are just a few examples.
DAY-HAM round trip in Dec 2014/Jan 2015. All I can say is "the absolute bare minimum" from United. When you buy a ticket these days the airline only agrees to get you from point A to point B. They do not agree to feed you entertain you create a realistic schedule get you or your luggage to your destination within any realistic time frame or to help you find said luggage once they lose it. This is what you may expect from United - nothing more.
Stuck in Belize for 7 hours because the plane did not leave Houston. No further explanation on the matter except that the plane never left. The United staff that rescheduled our connecting flights was extremely rude and not helpful at all. It almost seemed as if she was taking joy in the fact that we were all stranded there. Then every passenger was forced to stay the night in Houston. My flight was supposed to be the first flight out of Houston leaving at 7am so I get to the airport at 5.30 am to find out that now it doesn't leave until 9:00. Every single staff me member I've encountered or asked for help from is miserable and rude. This was a one time thing but I will never ever fly United again. It's been the worst airline experience of my entire life and I've flown hundreds of times.
My husband and I traveled using ANA from Winnipeg - Bangkok then Toronto - Chicago and the Chicago-Toyko Narita flights were on United. We upgrade to Premium Economy for the 13 hour flight for comfort. Immediately we were grounded for 2.5 hours because the plane wouldn't accept the fuel. So all passengers including us who had to transfer in Narita were going to be late. Once finally in the air all audio wouldn't work. To add insult - the stove and cooking equipment wouldn't work either! For this 13 hour flight the attendants served us frozen turkey sandwiches with ice cream. United staff did announce to everyone that they were sorry for the poor service. They did pay for our hotel we were checked in at 3am and had to been on the next flight at 8am. The good news was the flight from Singapore to Bangkok was on Singapore Airlines. They are always in the top 5 airlines in the world for a good reason. On this 2.5 hour flight we had much better service. United needs to completely overhaul their policies from top to bottom.
What a ridiculous flight. My husband and I had to first had to wait over an hour to check our bags from Colorado to Alaska. Then our flight was over an hour late because of delays loading luggage. We missed our connecting flight and we had to wait in Anchorage with our three month old son for 8 hours. We didn't get a meal voucher or anything. The staff that worked for United told us that we weren't entitled and it was too bad. They gave everyone free movie on the plane but my husbands didn't work. I had already paid for a movie so it didn't matter on my screen. Will not be flying United again.
United looks appealing simply because it offers more choice and times. In previous years it has been my first choice. Each time I was hoping the problem was just a fluke. The last 3 United flights all had huge delays and poor handling of the situation. The delay was not reported until after boarding time and passengers were not assisted with missing their connecting flight. Staff were rude and the planes were not very clean. United has grown too big to properly handle itself. If your looking for quality not quantity United is not the airlines to pick any more.
Flew from LHR to Orlando via Washington. At LHR the staff were very helpful in sorting out our ESTA cock-up (kids' passports had been changed since applying for ESTA). That is the only positive about United. The seats are uncomfortable and cramped the choice of in-flight entertainment poor (even if you could see it on the minuscule seat-back screen) or for the 2 hour flights pay-TV and the food absolutely disgusting. No snacks offered (I guess they are worried people will fill up on these having tasted the food) although available to purchase and no complimentary alcohol. Attendants fairly average and could certainly do with a better corporate uniform on trip out. On way back distinctly poor. Most worrying was the man who was on our plane and about 20 mins before take- off realized he was on the wrong flight only when somebody else came to sit in his seat. How is that allowed to happen on United from Washington? From a security point of view it is unbelievable and I wonder how the poor bloke fared trying to find the correct flight. Oh yes and over-booked flights which I thought were a 20th century thing.
I flew UA from New York to LA and had to buy $10 headphones if I wanted to watch the TV. I also booked the flights with my partner and put us seated together and when we printed out our boarding tickets they had moved us so we sat separately on the flight. We then flew from LAX to Sydney Australia. Once again they had separated us. We were extremely annoyed that we had to spend a 14 and a half hour flight sitting in between strangers when we booked to sit together. There was no complimentary alcoholic beverages and the good food always ran out by the time it got towards the end of the plane which a lot of people complained about to the staff. Overall I would never recommend UA to anyone. Splitting up couples and putting single riders between them is a joke and not good enough.
Travelling from Ottawa to Maui on December the 28/2014 my experience with staff was not pleasant some of them were very rude and impolite. Service was pitiful not picking up garbage. At one point I had to take my own trash to the back of the plane where staff were standing and chatting between themselves. If I can help it I will never travel with this company again.
I used United in the past for domestic flights in the US and it was average I thought it would be fine to use them to travel abroad. Price was the same as any other good or average quality airline. No less. Seat Comfort: average for domestic seat comfort with the disadvantage that there is no pillow blanket or other accessories offered. Food and Beverages: Here the situation started bothering me. The only available food was for sale! The only beverages were water juice and such. Everything else was for sale. Inflight Entertainment: The only provided entertainment was also for sale even to listen to music you had to pay. Staff Service: I guess this varies but it was pretty poor. Some flight attendants were not courteous and shouted at passengers who stood up at awkward times. $1000 USD 6 hrs trip with no entertainment no food (only beverages) rude attendants and semi-domestic flight seats. Moreover since only beverages were served there was a more than 6 people line to use the restrooms at all times for the last 3 hours of the flight. After traveling to Europe and South America for the last two years in different airlines I think this is a very poor service for such a high price. Other airlines give full service for about the same price!
Flew round trip Houston to Honolulu in Business Class costing over $6000.00. The seats didn't recline enough to sleep comfortably. The foot rest was manual and difficult to operate. The seat was not as wide as a normal business class seat. There was no TV monitor only wifi via the United app and your personal screen device. No one on the flight was aware of needing a personal device on the flight. There were no outlets available to charge a personal device if you had one and the wifi kept going out. The selection of movies was not current. Older movies and TV shows were the only thing available. The meals were awful pasta and sauce and a burrito the return flight had the same offerings other than a pathetic breakfast sandwich with paper thin ham. No amenity kit was offered on the red eye return flight. There was nothing upgraded or business class about this flight. I do not recommend this airline for the trip to Honolulu from Houston.
Flight 1252 to LA. Flight started off delayed 20 minutes then out to 40 minutes. Then we boarded and sat for a further 20 minutes. No communication from the staff regarding the delay until the standard 'loading some late luggage" excuse. Really poor. Flight finally pushed back over an hour late with very little comment from a cabin crew that were largely anonymous. Crew standards are pretty ordinary. Never again with UA.
Hong Kong to Newark in Business Class. Good flight attendant and a very comfortable bed. Unfortunately the Fasten Seatbelt Sign came on at least 8 times during the 14 hour flight and many times for the smallest turbulence which most passengers ignored. However a very loud recorded message came on every time that said "Ladies and Gentlemen the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign please make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened". Because of this announcement I could never sleep more than 90 minutes at a time.
Paid over $6000 for business class ticket to Honolulu. This is an 8.5 hour flight. Seat was smaller than any other business class seat I've experienced - no recline and very uncomfortable. Meals were worse than usual airline food a sad dish of penne pasta and tomato sauce. Second meal was a burrito wrap! Entertainment was pathetic. No monitor only WiFi which did not offer any new releases and service was sketchy lost connection several times. Staff was average competent but certainly not $6000+ of friendly skies. Will avoid flying this airline if at all possible. So not looking forward to the return trip. Would change plans but united charges $200.00 for any changes.
I flew BFS-EWR on November 3rd and returned December 3rd 2014. United is one of the worst airlines that I've ever travelled with. IFE was broken on both flights the cabin crew were indifferent and some were down right nasty the food was horrible. I will never fly United again.
Flew to Cancun in early December from NYC. To return to NYC we arrived at the airport in Cancun more than 2 hours before flight to find the United service desks in complete chaos. The line to check in stretched the entire length of the airport. No one was sure if they were on the right line as the signage was very confusing. No other airline had such problems. Very stressful and unpleasant. Will not fly United to Cancun again.
The first leg of our flight was substantially delayed so when we landed in Houston there was no time to eat. Had we known that the next leg was also going to be delayed we would have just delayed boarding and grabbed something. From Houston to Aruba the flight attendants were unfriendly and cranky. They began to offer food for purchase only to find that there was only enough food for the first 1/3 of the plane. On this long flight they only came through the cabin once for beverages. A week later found us at the United counter because one member of our group of three had mysteriously been dropped from the reservation. It took over an hour to get United to see the error. Then of course the flight from Aruba to Houston was delayed but at least we didn't have to wait on the plane this time. Flight attendants were at least cordial and offered beverage service twice. They offered food as well but we had learned our lesson and ate in Aruba! Late getting into Houston so had to run (again) to catch our next plane for our final destination. The gold has definitely worn off the United name it's just sad that they have taken Continental (which I used to love to fly) down with them.
Right now sitting at LAX on the taxi way for 40 minutes waiting for gate to open - ridiculous. This is after 5+ hour flight from Lihue HI. This is very poor management.
I have been thinking of switching my loyalty from US Airways where I am a Million Miler. I am a mere silver on United but decided to add some miles on a round-trip from JFK to LAX with a return through IAH to get a rare domestic ride on a flat BX seat in the internationally-configured 787. Completed the outbound yesterday in a 1 year old 737-900 with 20 "first class" seats. When the FA's started taking meal orders. The FA first goes to a young lady in the seat in front of me and informs her of the two menu choices. He then moves back to my row (4) and asks the woman next to me which she wants. He then looks at me and says he will be back. Then he works the other side of the aisle. He appears to be randomly moving between seats. Finally he gets to me and there is only one choice and he explained they have been instructed to service the FC cabin in order of United priority. In other word the 16 nonrevenue upgrades get their choice compared to the schmuck without a lot of status who used real money (and not a small amount).
United has stopped providing complimentary alcohol on international flights. Flight between Asia and US they put us on a plane with no individual TV screen but the sharing overhead projector TV with pre-scheduled movies during a 12-hour flight. On my recent trip I traveled extensively with Cathay Pacific and Singapore which offers first class customer service to all travelers. I originally chose United based on its extensive hubs domestically and internationally expecting better travel planning and experience. With the increasing routes from CX between US London and Asia and the abundant options of good airlines domestically (Southwest JetBlue Virgin) I'd much rather put a little effort to plan my trip than to travel miserably with United.
I was returning into Houston and catching a United flight from Houston to New Orleans. As usual for United they cancelled the last flight into New Orleans for "maintenance reasons." Told they could have fixed the problem but would have had to call in a new flight crew and they don't want to spend the money - it's cheaper to book passengers into a hotel. This has now happened to me and close family members no less than five times in the last couple of months. It has become a routine practice with United.
Flew Business class earlier this month Dulles-LAX round-trip. Seats were better than coach but not by much. They recline only a little. Staff on the red-eye back to Dulles served a snack immediately what is the point of that? I just wanted to sleep at midnight! Then they were noisily talking and carrying on throughout the flight with the galley lights on the whole time. No curtain to block light no attempt by them to keep their voices down so people could sleep. On the trip from Dulles to LAX my inflight entertainment system didn't work.
This was my first transatlantic flight and it was miserable. Being 6'4" the legroom was not nearly sufficient. Food wasn't worth the calories and lacked all flavor. Staff is indifferent and we left ORD 90 minutes behind schedule. I know it's become cliché to hate on United but it Really is subpar. I've since flown Aer Lingus American Turkish British and KLM over the same route and all were better (American was a tie I'd say).
Every winter United Airlines serves up the same "we do not care" service and "Do not even ask us to care" as it's simply more than they wish to even dream of fixing. Every winter flights leave Denver for the 30 minute hop into Aspen. Every year some flights may not land safely and the captain turns the plane around and takes the entire group back to Denver despite having three other airports at lower elevations that would place everyone within an hour to 90 minutes by bus or rent a car to Aspen but they make zero effort to make any contingency plan for this regular occurrence year after year. On the flight return to Denver the air hostess nor pilot make any effort to make any arrangements and at the counter upon arrival of course we wait another 30 min for a gate and the pilot answers are weaker than the air hostess. Then they try to pile all of us like cattle at the one service counter where the zig zag line crawls us through to one sour puss to tell you it's an act of God which excuses every lack of genius displayed on a regular basis. Each and every winter. Useless company #1 Award. I only gave them one star because I had to. Grooming is something else too with hair hanging out all over the place.
It's shocking how bad this airline can be. Flying out of Chicago-the United hub-we were delayed 2 hours while maintenance searched for a "no go" part to secure the carts in the galley. How such an apparently essential part was unavailable anywhere on the O'Hare property is unbelievable. It was a completely preventable delay and yet we received no apology from the crew.
Late into Denver switched to Late flight to Chicago but they dropped our names off the seating chart so we all had spread out horrible seats given a motel in Chicago turned out to be a scam (had to pay for motel) because no more final destination flights until next day. Some very nice service but mostly very unfriendly rude horrible service people work for United. On way back same thing. Two hour delay for final destination and had to get another room waiting for guess. Which led us to meet another rude service person in customer service dept. So I will never fly the Un-friendly sky's of United again.
I flew United First Class San Francisco to Seattle (Dec 2013) returning Jan 2014. I was appalled at the service or lack of! No food or drink service at all and this was in First Class! Ground crew at Seattle were terribly rude and should not even be employed in the service industry. United is the worst airline I have had the misfortune to travel on!
My wife and I travelled first class from Orlando to Newark recently. We were surprised to see there were no PTVs on the plane. When it was time for meal service we were told there was chicken dinner or a salad. We both don't eat chicken so we ordered salads - we were told they were out of salads. Policy for the 12 first class seats - 6 salads and 6 chicken dishes. Out of luck! We had cookies for dinner.
LHR-SFO-ACV. Flight leaving LHR cancelled ground staff at Heathrow rude and obstructive wouldn't confirm flight was cancelled even though I called United direct who confirmed flight cancelled. United app also stated flight cancelled after 90 minute wait in departure lounge. Transfer to Newark flight which was then delayed leaving Heathrow as SFO passengers transferred onto this flight. Overnight accommodation provided in Newark. Return flight from SFO-LHR all London based crew utterly rude and disinterested in the role that they are paid for. 7th flight this year with United only airline that gets me to my final destination. Crew rude when I walked to the back galley to purchase duty free told me it was the busiest hour of the flight as were serving breakfast before landing at Heathrow I only went direct to the galley as message on screen advised 15 minutes remaining to buy duty free. Crew member told me she hated that message and that she would have to come and have a private word with me for purchasing duty free. Flight already booked for Feb 2015 luckily booked with flight miles so know not to expect a great service.
Fly the Friendly Skies of United? There's very little that's friendly about United they have become an airline of lesser quality than the budget airlines of the world. Connecting business class flight from Auckland to San Francisco via LA. The first leg was non-stop on Air New Zealand which was excellent and connected in LA to a business class flight to SFO. When we presented our ticket at the United lounge in LA we were refused entry because it was a business class "domestic" flight but were offered entry as a guest of another person we had met on our flight from NZ. Sadly the lounge was a worn out mess nothing more than crackers and cheese slices in packets Internet access that was just a bit faster than the old dial up connections - nothing like any of the lounges offered by carriers we had flown elsewhere in the world. On the tired worn plane a minimal offer of chips or cookies and beverages. The worst part is that the personnel seemed tired of being caught between management decisions that have reduced the quality of service to nothing more than a poor commodity and travelers that resent the carrier.
Flew IAH-HNL-IAH in First Class on November 20- 24. I have flown this route several times in the last 15 years and since United took over the flying experience has taken a serious nose dive. Since this route is taken by people mostly cashing in frequent flyer miles and there are not that many "paying" passengers United has decided that we do not deserve the amenities that are available on other routes. The first class cabin seats are very uncomfortable and are nowhere near the first class seats of other carriers for long haul flights. The plane had no inflight entertainment and there was not any power ports for charging personal devices - and this was not just first class but the entire plane. If there was another direct flight to Hawaii from Houston on another carrier I would take it. Flying to Hawaii on Continental was a fairly good experience the food was good and the seats were comfortable even though they did not fully recline.
Booked flight from Newark to St Maarten months in advance - booked an aisle seat and a ctr seat together United changed our seats to a window in next to last row and a window in the last row with seats that don't recline. Also paid for TV and only had the choice of 4 movies-no TV shows - no free snacks. We will do our best to avoid United airlines in the future!
I flew with United Airlines to save money but it turned out to be a mistake. I was traveling to Guatemala City from Dallas making a connection in Houston. We boarded the plane then shortly after got off due to a maintenance issue. Not once were we asked if we had a connection flight or explained to how they would help us get to our destination nor did they give us any updates. I had to ask what to do. I was supposed to be at my destination at noon. I arrived at 10.30pm. Similar incident on my return - took me all day. Bad experience.
Flew United from LAX to IAH non-stop on an aged Boeing 737-700. The flight departed 25 minutes late for no apparent reason (no explanation given). Luggage was still being loaded 25 minutes after scheduled departure. Plenty of people that should have gate-checked luggage were wandering the plane looking for overhead bin space with no help from crew. There was no snack pay only food options. Nonetheless the crew was somewhat friendly passing frequently even offering warmed up chocolate chip cookies to some of the kids although some had to share one cookie.
GIG-IAH-NRT. I succeeded in sending my luggage directly to NRT. No need to pick it up at IAH and then check it again. Flight 1: GIG check-in staff very nice. Lounge (GOL low cost) very poor and packed. Flat seat 9D very nice. This part of Business class is much more noisy because close to engines. To be avoided at all costs. FA's very pleasant and smiling. Decent food. Poor drinks. Smooth 9 hours flight with constant info form flight deck. Surprising wide choice of IFE On time. Had to go through immigration and security in IAH. Lounge staff very pleasant. Food awful. Alcoholic beverages charged (>US1000 a glass). Fantastic shower and shower staff. Flight 2: Seat 1L. The best seat on board much more space 3 windows Silent. Same aircraft by coincidence. FA rather unpleasant and rude. Take it or leave it. Very bad food. Horrible Champagne. A nice white Bourgogne that ended after 30 min. At 11.50am lunch was completed then believe it or not no food during the next 12 hours! A tray with 2 types of frozen sandwiches was available in a corner self service. United is saving money on a 14 hour flight on food? One hour before landing greasy breakfast. Luggage quickly delivered.
I may be done with United. Have had gold or platinum status for years but am getting increasingly concerned with linking flying to shopping and spending more money. As much as I hate to give up the three bags the comfortable lounges in airports it is becoming too stressful to keep up. I have almost lost respect for the airlines. Shop till you drop seems to be the key here. We are losing miles we have to spend more shop more buy the credit card. No other alliance does what United does.
First off let me preface that I am not a frequent flyer so I tend to give airlines the benefit of the doubt if there is ever any problems. In the past 6 months I have flown two round trips with United one was non-stop and the other had 1 connecting flight. Every single one of those flights were delayed by an average of 2 hours. I would understand if there were weather conditions that cannot be foreseen but all the delays happened in Florida and California both of which had great weather. I even signed up for text alerts to get notified of these things and my alerts either came in an hour before the scheduled departure flights or never came I'm at all. That defeats the purpose of the alerts because you should to be at the airport about 2 hours prior to your flight. When I went to ask the staff at the counter at the airport they all seemed clueless and was not able to help me alleviate my concerns at all. Some were even downright rude and short with me. These inconveniences have almost cost me to be stranded at the airport because those my friends and family were not able to pick me up. I am more than furious at the less than poor customer service that United has to offer. I've spent hundreds probably even thousand of dollars to travel with this airline but I've failed to receive the proper service and professionalism from their staff and company overall. It is sad to say but I will not be flying with United Airlines anytime again soon. I would rather pay a bit more for other airlines just to ensure that I will receive the kind of service that I should be receiving as a customer.
United 1064 on November 25 from Newark to Boston. I think United must go out of their way to design a seat as pathetic as is in row 32 on their 737-700. These are narrow don't recline and have no legroom. I travel a lot on business. Luckily I generally have a choice in airlines and I wont be choosing United again.
Flew Business class between Australia and California (Sydney to San Francisco and LA to Melbourne). It was my first time flying Business class as I normally fly Economy or Premium Economy and as such I was looking forward to it. Overall I was very disappointed: food was average toilets were dirty and did not appear to have been cleaned difficult to get the staff's attention staff not willing to smile even when I was smiling at them meal service was disjointed (on one flight they offered a bread roll and some wine after I had finished my main course on the other flight they took my glass away for a refill and didn't bring it back) and the staff kept on bumping me when they walked past. The only good thing was the beds lie flat but otherwise I was very disappointed and I found that the Premium Economy on other airlines is much better (such as Qantas Virgin or Singapore). I will not waste my money on United Airlines again.
Don't pay extra for business on United. We just flew United from Vancouver to Oahu via San Francisco and are now on our way back. We paid the extra for business class - the "breakfast" on our first flight consisted of a scone. On a 6 am flight you don't exactly have a chance to grab a bite before departure. There was WiFi on this flight and it had personal TVs which are better than nothing but not quite up to what we are used to with Air Canada. We barely made our connection in SFO - our bags were not so lucky. The next flight had personal TVs but no Wifi. The latter would have been really useful on the long flight. At least we finally got breakfast. The flight crew was inattentive on both flights. On the way home the long haul flight back to the mainland did not have personal TVs or overhead screens but it had WiFi! That was great for as long as my laptop battery lasted but alas the old seats had no power outlets or USBs so my joy was short-lived. Both of our seats were not capable of staying in the upright position and would slowly recline. We chose United over Air Canada as we didn't want an overnight flight home. Next time we will go direct with WestJet and cram into their tiny seats in exchange for a direct flight that operates at a convenient time. We wish Air Canada would put back their daytime flight home. In summary - service and amenities on United are inconsistent even in United First. Even when they are at the top of their game it's all pretty marginal.
Horrible customer service at SFO. United flight was delayed into SFO from Vancouver so I missed my connecting flight to San Diego. We got into SFO at 11.50. I am still waiting in line with similar stranded passengers at the customer service area at gate 82 where there are two attendants helping 100 plus people. The attendants at the gates will not help us even though there is no line. This is deplorable. SFO is a United hub. There are United employees and gate attendants everywhere and yet there are only two people willing to help all these stranded passengers. I have been stranded many times with many other airlines and have never had such poor service. I will never fly United again.
BOS-LAX Boeing 757: Had booked Premium Economy for two people 6 months ahead arrived at check-in in BOS to be told by unhelpful and off-hand staff that 'booking not assured until you check-in' allocated economy for the 6 hour flight and money refunded. Excuse of 'change of equipment' from A319 to 757 not tenable as latter has even more Premium Economy seats. On arriving at gate discover that Premium Economy seats are available but now have to pay an extra $36! Customer service in United completely unrepentant of being asked to pay extra for the distress. Actual seats fine but would not recommend using United for Premium Economy on the basis of this experience.
IAD-LAX. Paid full fare First Class only to be shocked upon check in at IAD airport that my selected seat was not confirmed. Though UA ground staff at check in counter were quite helpful they couldn't do anything except asking me to go to boarding gate and wait the problem to be resolved there. I was told UA does overbooking in all classes. I was looking forward to this flight enroute in First Class as I was connecting to BKK hence I wanted to relax. Alas I wasn't able to relax as I had to ask UA team for every 10 minutes for an update. Finally after a long argument with the gate staff I was given a a First Class seat by an arrogant lady who made one feel that she did me a great favor although it was within my right. Nothing special on this full B737-800 flight. Seat was ok with in-seat video but can't recline much. Having been at Jetblue Mint previously ones can't help but compare the value vs benefits.
Stockholm to San Francisco USA October 8th. The first plane with Lufthansa from Stockholm to Frankfurt on October 8 was OK. The plane from Frankfurt UA 927 to San Francisco did not start at all and we were all transported to a hotel. The next day October 9 after much waiting I was rebooked to Chicago UA 906 with further connection there. This plane did not start either. Waited on the plane for six hours before it finally left so I missed my connection. A few hours rest and back to the airport in the early morning on October 10. I got the flight to San Francisco nearly two days later than was scheduled.
LHR/EWR/LHR. B757 out and B767 return. Outward flight was just OK. Inflight entertainment was good and the seat fairly comfortable. The big let down was the crew. They were efficient but showed no personality at all and I did not see a single smile from them. The return flight was disappointing. The entertainment system offered very little choice was shown on tiny screens and from what I could see quite a few screens including mine were broken or were only showing half a picture. Again the crew were robotic with no personality at all and although efficient they seemed totally disinterested. Unlike other airlines on the route who offer a free bar only soft drinks are free on United. All in all United seem to be offering a budget almost 'No Frills' service but at the same price as other transatlantic carriers who offer a far better experience.
I have flew twice from Denver to Winnipeg in the last month and both times they say that food is offered for you to purchase and both times they had absolutely nothing to offer. I boarded these flights thinking that at least I can buy something onboard as I did not have time to purchase something in the airport! I was not impressed to say the least.
LAX-NRT-SIN. First leg was good on the 787. Food was mediocre and made me appreciate Delta and question myself why i wasn't flying DL that was leaving an hour later out of LAX and Staff basically disappeared between services. The seat was comfortable at least the IFE was not as good as DL due to the smaller choice of movies. NRT-SIN was on a 772. The crew also disappeared after the meal service (which was also mediocre). My sister and I had our seats moved without being told but we weren't complaining.
I have been flying United for the past 6 years from MAN to EWR and to my dismay it is a total and utter shambles. Within those 6 years I have flown as a solo passenger whilst being pregnant and then with an infant and later with a toddler. I would not recommend them to a single traveler let alone a pregnant one. The only reason we continued to use this airline was due to the fact that EWR has the most quickest and convenient route home. Apart from that there is nothing that is appealing about the airline. The seats are not the slightest bit comfortable however you are able to slightly move them back to a tilt. I can disregard the seating as almost all airlines are the same but the cabin crew were obnoxious rude and definitely did not seem to enjoy their job. Asking for juice was definitely a chore for them. Next time I will not be flying United too many years of bad experiences.
My flight was 2 hours late from MSP to EWR and so I was going to miss my connecting Etihad flight to Mumbai. However the ground staff at MSP were very helpful and booked me on a direct United EWR to BOM flight that was scheduled just an hour later than my original flight. However my good experience stopped there. The premium economy seats were terrible. Not enough leg space and the head support wings were not adjustable vertically which meant anyone shorter than 5 feet 8 inches could not use them. Second there was no complementary alcohol (not even a glass of red wine) available on the 14 hour flight. I was mentally prepared for their standards but was still let down. On top of which I could pay only by credit card for a drink. Considering I was a Indian tourist the likelihood of me doing this was very low. The food was terrible and both the veg/non veg meals were almost inedible. The air hostesses were not friendly and avoided eye contact. They seemed very put upon by their job. I don't blame them as they probably had to eat the same food as us. I would never ever book this airline voluntarily.
Flew EWR-HNL-EWR on Oct 24 2014 and returning on Oct 31 2014. The crew on EWR-HNL was quite good. They sure let passengers know that the food available for purchase would be available during entire duration of the flight and all we had to do was come back to the galley. Very important on a long flight with no meal service. They also made sure to go through the aisles with water repeatedly. The crew on the return flight from HNL- EWR left much to be desired.
IAH to DXB via IAD IAD to DXB 5 hours late no help from ground staff I thought that their rules about lengthy delays evidently not on United sat in first class lounge for 7 hours. I have never seen such a pathetic excuse for a lounge the snacks were questionable and the whole lounge is out dated and appears dirty. Cabin staff were clearly annoyed by the delay imagine I paid for this my seat area was sticky and dirty flight attendant was un co-operative when I asked her to clean it. I was never once addressed by my name the crew clearly thought that they were doing me a favour by even being on the flight. Food was worse than I've ever seen even for a United flight. Fortunately I took my own food we were told Restroom was reserved for crew so the 2 restrooms for business class had to serve first class. All food was prepared by bare hands and galley person eat food as she prepared it also sneezed and even scratched her head whilst preparing food. Other airlines offer pre packed nuts etc. considering the choice of other airlines that fly from the US to UAE United is way behind. Looking at Emirates lounge in Dubai or BA lounge in London puts United at the back of the line. I did arrive in Dubai and so did my luggage but the trip was far from first class and worse still some of the original crew were on my return flight and still equally annoyed by having to perform their duties. Cabin staff are obviously disgruntled and it shows I wonder what happened to the old continental crews because before the merger continental really wasn't that bad as airlines go. Today's first class on United is not even as good as the old business first on continental. Worse still one of our group who had suffered 15 hours from Dubai to IAD was down graded from IAD to IAH because of over booking. I've learnt my lesson never again with United.
Having spent the last 7 weeks travelling around the world business class with various airlines we were very excited about our business first class flights firstly Honolulu to San Francisco and then Newark to Edinburgh on our journey home. The disappointment started with entry to the lounge on both occasions where no substantial food was offered. Carrots by the truck load and processed cheese on the tiniest crackers did not appeal so we had no option but to head back out to a food retailer for a sandwich at further expense (having spent £6000 on tickets already for this allegedly upgraded service). Liquid refreshments are limited with my husband being charged for a third drink when I had not even had one! It would appear that United Airlines Cabin Crew Bar Staff and Club reception staff attend regular classes in being curt disinterested or just plain rude! Thankfully waiting staff etc do not and are very pleasant. Regarding the plane itself on both occasions these were very obviously old and incredibly uncomfortable. Sitting in row 2 on both flights subjected we were subjected to cabin crew slamming doors continuously chatting very loudly or witness several members chomping on food whilst preparing the passengers meagre offerings. Please United Airlines take note of all these negative reviews you are offering a low budget service at a Premium price. Having looked around at the miserable faces (staff as well as passengers I might add!) in Newark lounge as I write this it says it all! We will we making as many friends and family aware of this and I'm guessing the others mentioned will too so I guess "what goes around comes around" eventually.
Traveled ORD-PEK-ORD in economy. Very minimal service. Lounge offerings for star alliance gold are downgraded. Not even packaged cookies any more. Complimentary bar is extremely low quality no complimentary alcohol on plane. In- flight movies are OK. Avoid.
Just got back home from an around the world trip. 62 hours of total of flying time. Jetstar was not good but I was really disappointed in United Airlines. Our United leg was a 6 hour flight from Newark NJ to LAX. I felt the seats were to close together. They give you water coffee or tea once. That is it. I'm so glad I had some snacks with me. You could buy something if you wanted. For a 6 hour flight they should give you something more. No nuts are anything extra. Really Oh if you wanted to watch a movie you had to pay for that too I will never fly with them again. This flight was booked by a travel agent. I have learned my lesson.
Having recently travelled to and from London to Nashville via Newark on United Airlines I do not understand how this airline is still in business. We had 4 flights with them one cancelled one delayed 3 hours and one with the most rude and arrogant staff. The airline is a disgrace.
First Class round trip from San Francisco to St Louis. The flight over was fine. The return trip was on a Sky West jet! The 4 hour flight had no video the seats were poor and there was no meal only a snack box! While I'm sure that this saved United Airlines money I describe it as a bait and switch. I paid the extra for First Class and didn't get what I had paid for.
RT Kona Hawaii to London Heathrow. The flight from London to San Francisco is about 11 hours non-stop. I am a 6'3" disabled and booked my flight with that disclosure. To accommodate me the agent made an effort to place me in a seat which had an empty seat beside me - very considerate and appreciated. At Heathrow prior to boarding I was called to the podium. To accommodate a family so that they might sit together I was told (not asked if I minded) I was being moved to a different seat and unbeknownst to me in a three-abreast row without an empty seat beside me. Now I know that United felt the priority of placing a family together takes precedent over my disabled status and assuming a full flight I can understand that priority. This particular flight however was about 90% filled. Many empty seats were available. I know that having an empty seat beside me is not a right or entitlement as a disabled person yet was a kindness extended to me by the reservations agent a kindness for which I was very grateful. UAL has a policy in place to help accommodate and make more comfortable disabled veterans whenever they can. I am pleased with that policy. I am just disappointed with what happened on that flight. Additionally and as mentioned in previous reviews a 737 is far to small an aircraft for the flight from Kona to San Francisco without increasing the pitch and width of the seats. Years ago United was known as an airline that cared. It made for comfortable travel travel to which I looked forward. In summary in the future I will make a sincere effort to travel with an airline other than United.
Since the late 80's I have been flying UA for business and pleasure and it has been a roller coaster ride. Having switched to another carrier for the last couple of years due to truly awful reliability and missing customer meetings I thought I would give UA another chance on a trip from Denver to Paris. How hard could it be? Get on the DEN-ORD flight allowing 2.5 hours in ORD to make the transfer to the ORD-CDG flight. The trip occurred 10 days after the control center fire and calls to UA customer service a couple of days prior to our trip confirmed things were working well again in ORD. The origin flight in DEN was the continuation of a SEA-DEN leg and that plane arrived right on time. The departure for ORD showed on time so we went to the gate to find another on time message on the board. Boarding time came and went with a last minute 15 minute delay. No problem I thought we had plenty of time in ORD. Soon another delay showed up on the gate monitor now we were 30 minutes late should I be worried? How much worse could it get and where was the Seattle aircraft that had made it to Denver on time? Soon another delay with the bottom line of just over an hour. Finally we boarded and pushed back and sat and sat and sat for another 15 minutes when a mechanical problem was announced. At this point it was clear we would miss the Paris connection and we went to the long lines at Customer Service to see what we could do. UA moved us to the later Lufthansa Frankfurt non-stop with CDG connection and said they would transfer our bags. (Of course no bags the next morning in CDG and UA blamed it on Lufthansa). Bags showed up 3 days later and we found out that UA sent them to ORD on a later flight. All this is very sad as the customer service people are trying hard to make their system work but are hamstrung by continued incompetent management. Once again we are riding the competition who are not perfect but much better than UA.
October 10 LIS-EWR. After arrival at our departure gate I thought I was at a wrong one after looking at the aircraft parked at the gate. To my astonishment I was about to make an 8-hour transcontinental flight on an ancient Boeing 737-200 whose regular use in domestic routes was phased out in 2008. United wouldn't be United without some kind of delay so there was a 30-minute hold. The flight was relatively smooth. Staff appeared to be seasoned but lacking courteousness with one having a condescending attitude and curt tone. Meals were hardly edible - I would say they were the worst of many kinds I have had. Overall I rate my experience with United below average and will try to avoid my future journeys with this airline.
Went ORD-DCA-ORD overall flights were okay although both were delayed. On my outbound flight there was also a delay because of a seat being broken on the aircraft and subsequently it seemed the flight was either overbooked or not completely ready to depart by the scheduled time due to some confusion with seating arrangements.
Sat waiting for maintenance and cleaning crews for over an hour. Sat in hot plane for all that time. More ground crew accountability is badly needed. This was just the tail end of our trip. Flights from home were delayed. We have people counting on our arrival for childcare. Unbelievable disorganization of different crews in Houston New Orleans and Illinois.
We were traveling Business class from Newark to Las Vegas on Sept 26th. Apparently the definition of Business class offered by United differs from any other airline out there. When traveling economy I normally bring my own bottle of water and buy some food in the airport. This time given that I had paid 3 times as much for a Business class ticket and also remembering what it means worldwide I did not bring anything of my own. What a mistake! When I asked for a glass of water while plane was still boarding an extremely rude flight attendant asked me: "Do you really want it now?". Again United definition of a Business class does not include providing enough food for everyone. I have never encounter such unprofessional behavior in any service industry - and air travel belongs to a service industry last time I checked. In Business class provided by United you are paying for some extra leg room and nothing more. I will never fly this airline again.
United Airlines should be ashamed of itself! Terrible airline and awful customer service! I understand why the airline is the way it is with all the outsourcing being reported on the news. The regional aircraft operating as United Express are old. Those planes are at least 30+ years old! I'm sick of this airline. Always delays cancellations never a flight crew as well as various air traffic issues You spend thousands of dollars with them and they treat there Premier customers as trash. From now on I am a proud JetBlue customer or even Delta!
UA flight 34 KIX-SFO 15 Oct14. No more peanuts etc no alcoholic drink with meal (I don't care for it) lavatory in back of seats 25A-C has self-closing lids which would not stay up (the automatic flusher worked). I asked for decaf coffee twice never saw a drop. I tried the attendant call button: it rang and the blue light went on: no one showed up the light went out some time later. The food was close to inedible the breakfast sandwich(?) concoction quite a mess. Why oh why doesn't ANA fly this route non-stop? The tone of the authoritative-voice announcements (recorded) was annoying. The flight was good pilot talk fine landing almost smooth. One-star marks below are overly generous.
I recently finished a mixed carrier trip (United Air New Zealand Virgin Australia). While AZ and VA were wonderful friendly flight attendants decent food (even the stuff for purchase was good) modern planes flights all on time the United flights in contrast felt like traveling in Russia in he 80s. The FAs were angry at everybody and it seems passengers just disturb their peace and are just a huge inconvenience in general. The planes are filthy and old. All my United flights were delayed between 30-60 min and the complete lack of communication in the gate was disturbing. Gate agents were equally grumpy.
5.55am flight from Buffalo to DC then to Tampa Sunday 10/12. Ticket agent was in training and I knew we were off to a bad start. After boarding plane they deplaned us because they had neglected to complete the security paperwork. Entire plane missed connecting flights with only two rude ticket agents in DC. Earliest flight to Tampa (I was supposed to arrive in Tampa 10:30 am) didn't leave DC until 5.45pm. They routed me to Chicago to get to Tampa arriving 4:30 pm. Ticket agent neglected to inform me of shuttle from Terminal A to D so I ran the whole way. Got on the plane for Chicago which after an hour was cancelled due to technical problem. Entire plane got off and went to Customer Service with only 3 agents where it took 1.15 hours to finally be booked on the 5.45pm flight to Tampa. With all day to spend at the airport they gave me a lousy $7 meal voucher (didn't even pay for one well-needed alcoholic beverage). When I finally got to Tampa at 8pm my luggage did not which I expected since none of the re-routing agents paid any attention to me when I expressed concern about my luggage. Never flying United again.
2014 Platinum flyer and 1M United Flyer. Flew last night on UA Flight 1430 between Orange County CA and Chicago O'hare. Seated in center of 8th row. 1 row off bulkhead. About an hour before the landing the flight attendants came through with another beverage service. After they had passed I asked my row mates to let me out to use the rest room. The isle to the rear of the plane was blocked by the cart. I proceeded forward to the forward rest room where I was stopped by the male flight attendant serving first class. He indicated that I needed to return to coach and to the rear of the plane to use those restrooms. I indicated to him that the aisle was filled with the cart and the forward restroom was the only one I could get to. He again indicated to me to return to the rear of the plane. I told him I would not and proceeded by him and used the rest room. Behind me was my row mate (first met him on the plane) who is a 2014 1K member. The flight attendant told him he could not use the rest room also he proceeded by him too. All the while other customers are watching this flight attendant act like the Potty Police interrogating passengers about their restroom needs. Unprofessional and ridiculous. Happens all the time.
I was horribly dissatisfied with my experience using United Airlines. I was traveling to the states for Thanksgiving weekend and was delayed 3 hours on my first flight due to "late inbound aircraft" and again for my connecting flight another 2 hours due to the same reason. Looking back the last 4 times I have traveled with United this has been the reason. There was no weather leaving Montreal or Chicago. Then again on my return flight I was delayed 2.5 hours and 4 hours on my connecting flight. When I finally got to my final destination at 2 am after 12 hours of traveling which should have taken a total of 6 I waited 45 minutes for my checked luggage. When I asked why we were waiting for so long the United representative told me there were two flights coming in from Chicago and they wanted to put the luggage out all at the same time. I've never heard of this happening and several other passengers and I thought this was unreasonable. Our flight landed several hours late why should we have to wait even longer for another flight to land deplane and unload their baggage. I will avoid flying with United again simply because they did nothing but say "sorry" and essentially ruined what would have been a very enjoyable weekend with my family.
Not a good experience flying first class from Seattle to Charlotte. On second leg there wasn't any first class on the plane and they didn't put my wife and myself together. Very frustrating. I did demand a refund and they did accommodate. Flying back from Charlotte they couldn't get my wife and Myself together in first class. Very frustrating. They didn't even try to fix that one. Customer service from United is questionable. They act like they just don't care.
We recently flew from Cairns to Guam to Kwajalein on United Airlines. Although mainland US airlines have a bad name for treatment of their passengers - the Micronesia service transcends this. There were a number of aspects about this flight which were worrying. At Cairns the demeanour of the check-in staff was very "in your face" - when we asked to speak to the supervisor - this only made things worse. Documentation is a "very touchy" aspect of booking in for any US airline these days. Even though we had our ESTA validation application in hard copy to show they basically refused to believe we had a valid ESTA as they were having trouble accessing the data on their computer. This was even though we had our ESTA forms identical to our passports! Take a hard copy of the website baggage guidelines - they make it up as they go! When we finally got in the air - the food is poor. Be prepared for some serious security scanning in Kwajalein as it is a closed airport unless you have a sponsor or travelling to Ebeye - Passport photocopied ESTA examined separate Sponsor documentation retinal scanning height weight finger printing and questioning. If another airline elects to service this route I would certainly look to avoid UA.
Oct 7 SF to Kona First Class. At the prices they charge even in this age of low expectations I was shocked at the experience of this trip. To begin with the aircraft used a 737 is just inappropriate for a five hour trip. The legroom was ridiculous for any class of service but unbelievable for a premium ticket. When the gentleman in front of me reclined his seat I had absolutely no space left. In coach one has come to expect this but not at these prices. I was one of two people judging from the upgrade list posted who paid full fare and that resulted in a full cabin. The flight attendants tried hard but United gave them nothing to work with. The breakfast served was small and awful there was only non fat milk for coffee and the food was inedible. The flight was timed to leave at 9.44 to avoid serving a more expensive lunch by one minute. The cost cutting is unbelievable the experience absolutely horrific to be avoided at any cost. Back to Hawaiian Airlines I go - the extra stop required is well worth it.
GVA-IAD. United needs to update its fleet flying to Europe. It is incredible the type of screens they have (a bit bigger than a smartphone). How will they ever compete with other airlines? Sadly nothing special.
Flew Oct 6th LAS-ORD on an ancient B-757. Like a trip back in history albeit not a good one! No idea why United still flies these ancient planes with pretty much original interior from the 80's. Chose Premium economy as it was 35h flight 79$ for this was just a scam pretty much. Got 5 extra inches leg room and that's it. Would have been nice with at least a free sandwich or whatever. Guess US carriers are still years behind European and Asian one's. Why not just call it what it is extra leg room seats? Spent 3h playing on the phone as United appears to address their customers as idiots as this was a morning flight with mostly business passengers yet still playing a cartoon movie on the overhead monitors. Talk about missing your target. Several items on the menu also ran out was sitting on row 2 so guess they just dont care to stock up on items guess what United that's another way to miss income from your passengers. Am a Star Alliance Gold member and will never choose United again as my first choice alternative in the states.
I flew from Manchester Airport and was flying to Newark then had a connection flight to Rochester. As soon as I checked in I was told they had overbooked and asked us to fly to London first. I explained that we had a connection flight to Rochester and we were attending my nephews wedding so couldn't have any delays. We were then told there was no seats on the Rochester flight. After a lot of arguing they got us on the 1st flight to Newark and then found us flights on the Rochester flight but the 4 of us would not be seated together. I had 2 children with us and was not happy but just pleased to get the flights. Coming home we were delayed 3 times from Rochester. Our connection flight from Newark was boarding at 6.30pm we got off our flight from Rochester at 7.05pm and had to run for 10 minutes to catch the flight my daughter has asthma and struggled however we just made the flight. I wouldn't book with United again as they did not make either of my journeys relaxed and enjoyable.
Manchester to New York before flying to Las Vegas - all flights with United. Staff were terrible. They were completely uninterested in any one of the passengers and we we're treated as a huge inconvenience. The food was horrendous. When we flew from New York to Vegas things got even worse - we had a 5-hour flight with no entertainment. If we wanted something to eat or drink they wanted paying for it and the prices were ridiculous - the free tea coffee or juice were disgusting so we stayed away from them for the entire flight. Again the crew were abysmal to say the least. We will never fly with United again. We have travelled a lot of long haul in the last ten years and I have never experienced anything as shoddy as United - what a start to the holiday you spend forever saving up for.
Travelled on a connecting flight from Toronto to Houston TX en route to Rio de Janeiro. Flight from Toronto was inexplicably delayed. Upon arrival in Houston taxied to the gate only to find another plane at the assigned gate. Had to re-taxi to another gate arriving 5 minutes before scheduled departure to Rio de Janeiro. In spite of pleas from more than half the passengers regarding connecting flights flight attendants stated it was out of their control to deal with. Upon deplanning the Customer Service representative appeared over-whelmed with the situation and was of no assistance other than to direct all connecting passengers to the Customer Service Desk in Concourse C. The representative at the desk was of little assistance other than booking us on the next evening flight with non-adjacent seat assignments. Was not provided with the Premier Boarding package that I had booked and paid for in advance. We were told that we would not have access to our luggage and we were offered accommodations at a sub-par hotel chain which we declined. Also offered two $7 meal vouchers for a 24 hour period (which I also declined). Upon arrival the next evening gate staff were less than courteous. Certainly such delays occur when flying however the issue of not holding connecting flights when some 40 passengers are affected is not acceptable. This is especially true when arriving at or very near the scheduled departure time of the connecting flights and considering that such connection times are offered by the airline. Enhanced public relations by United staff would also go a long way in appeasing disgruntled passengers. That being said the regional jet from Toronto to Houston was new and very roomy. The premium economy seats on the B777 was also comfortable.
Friday 26 Sep 2014 my wife and I went to BTV for what we thought were two legs of a flight on United Airlines that would get us into SFO at 12.40 PT. We actually arrived at approximately 02.30 PT on Saturday about 14 hours late. Part of the delay was caused by someone starting a fire in the FAA control tower at ORD. I have no complaints with United about that. My complaint with United is its total lack of communication on that Friday and on the return the following Friday. On the first leg from BTV to ORD United kept telling us we had to wait an hour. We could not leave we had to sit there with no information hour by hour from 07.00 to 16.00. The only thing we were told was our connections would be okay because they could not fly either. United even put us on the plane and pulled away from the gate at about 12.30. Then they brought us back to the gate and had us deplane and wait some more. Finally we left at about 16.00 and got to ORD expecting to get on the flight to SFO we were told was waiting. Imagine our surprise and anger to find the flight had left hours before. We were told we would have to stay the night in Chicago at our expense and leave in the morning! When I asked what about getting on the SFO flight the customer service person said it was fully booked and had a wait list. When I pushed the agent did put us on the wait list. One piece of luck we got on the plane. It was late enough that other people did not show. We spent the week in SFO and went to the airport in plenty of time. We had checked in for the return flight when we checked in for the outbound flight online. We went to the kiosk to check-in and there was no reservation. The agent at SFO was able to get us on the plane somehow so we relaxed again almost as much as we were when we went to the airport. Then she hit us with an unwarranted baggage charge. It was unwarranted because we used a United MileagePlus card for the flight. Despite realizing we had not been charged for the bags on the way out to SFO she would not believe us they should not be charged for. When we got to ORD we discovered our flight to BTV was not our originally scheduled 3 hour layover but an 8 hour layover. Again there was no communication from the SFO agent to us about changing our second leg it was just done. After a lot of talking we got onto our originally scheduled flight and got home on schedule.
Flew from Tucson AZ to Kona HI today. Horrible trip!. In Tucson the ticket agents argued and snapped at each other in front of the customers. The Tucson-LAX portion was fine the flight attendant was very professional and as I was traveling with a handicapped companion she was very helpful. The flight from LAX to Kona Hawaii however was awful. The flight attendants were rude short tempered and often ignored passengers questions. This was a five and a half hour flight to not even provide peanuts as a snack is ridiculous considering the cost of the food available for purchase. I will say the ground crew in Tucson LAX and Kona were fantastic and really went out of their way to help out. My issue is that the ground crew doesn't work for United and I didn't buy my ticket from them. United seriously need to work on their customer service relations!
On a recent trip we flew 3 times with United. The first flight was on 9 September and we flew from Vancouver to Denver with a stopover en route to Albuquerque. These seats were all booked by a travel agent and confirmed 5 months prior to travel. On the first flight my husband and I were seated separately - I was seated behind my husband. We were given water and/or soft drink during the flight. The attendants were very brisk and almost rude in the 'service' they offered. But the flight did leave and arrive on time. The connecting flight however was not such a straight forward experience. When we went to the check-in we were informed by the staff that the flight had been over booked and that we at that stage were the over booked people. They did not apologise in fact they treated us very rudely. They spent the next hour and a half offering 2 passengers other flights hotel accommodation and $500 flight vouchers each in an effort to allow us to board the flight. Eventually and approximately 3 mins before the flight doors were to close after boarding and after I stood at the counter for around 10 mins they informed me that we could board. Again we were seated separately with my husband at the back of the plane and me sitting at the front. Never any apology. Our third flight was on the 13 September and we flew from Albuquerque to LAX in readiness for our flight back to Auckland NZ. The staff at the airport were again rude. Our flight left more or less on time and the flight staff were great bright and friendly. They actually appeared to be enjoying their job and treated the passengers with friendliness and courtesy. We actually managed to sit together on this flight.
I recently traveled from Arkansas where I was visiting my family back to Honolulu HI where I am currently stationed in the US Air Force. On the last flight as I was boarding I was informed that my seat had been moved. When booking the flight I paid extra to have an exit row aisle seat because I have bad knees and needed the extra leg room. I was instead placed in the middle seat of a non exit row. The staff made no explanation regarding my seat change did not offer their apologies and did not seem to have any concern over the money I had lost paying for a seat that I did not end up having. I am extremely frustrated with this service and will encourage all of my friends to fly with a different airline. This kind of treatment is unacceptable.
First class sure isn't what it used to be. On a round trip from Dulles to Vegas both times they ran out of cereal before they took my breakfast order so all they had to offer were some nasty eggs broccoli casserole and dried out croissants. Apparently they only stock enough cereal for 1/2 of first class? Really? For a $1378 ticket I want my freaking cereal not food poisoning. The clincher was that they charge first class passengers for wi-fi access. They should be ashamed. Only a half notch above economy if that much.
SYD-SFO-SYD: Flew in late September. I got the same plane for both legs of the journey which looks rather old. There appears to be more Economy Plus seats than Economy seats. Plane had a dodgy IFE for the entire section of seats I was seating. My own AVOD was jammed and could not be reset. Food was barely edible for dinner but it got better for breakfast and drinks were forthcoming. Legroom was okay. From the US leg I had to use the kiosk to check in but it refused to print my ticket and required a staff to assist me. I was disappointed with quality of the airline overall because I would have expected US-based airlines to have a superior standard. If you are flying on a budget this may be for you but otherwise you might want to look elsewhere.
Our flight from Boston to Denver was delayed by an hour. We approached the service desk in Boston when notified about the delay because we had a very short layover on our way to Seattle. We were told all connecting flights would be fine and that they would make up the time in the air. It wasn't until we were almost to Denver that they bothered to inform us of the added time to the flight and we arrived just in time to see our next plane depart. They did put us up in a hotel for free and got us on the next flight out the next morning only to have that plane stop mid-takeoff due to a plane malfunction. If the staff had been gracious and accommodating during this nightmare it might not have been so bad but they had the nerve to tell us it was our fault for not having a longer layover (as if we had a choice). Never flying with United again if we ever get back to Seattle.
SFO-LAS short flight on a 737 - flight departed about 25mins late arrived a bit late seats comfortable for a short flight. The flight did what it said on the tin. However in my years of flying I've seen nothing like it! Onboard no crew at the door sat down and noticed people across from me put three large bags by their feet and then put tray tables down to cover them. Crew failed to spot this on a few occasions but eventually did ask 'can you put your tray table up' walked away before they seeing the bags. Crew served drinks by just looking at you no thank you no hello nothing! The flight had a free gift of cards given out - thrown at you of course. On leaving the flight the crew were at the front chatting. First time I've flown United is the last based on crew attitude - no smile no communication.
My initial flight from CA to Denver was delayed for 2 hours - no explanation. From this delay I missed the connecting United flight from Denver to Peoria. I was given tickets to flyig into Chicago - arriving 2 am with a ticket to Peoria the following morning. Of course no luggage as it was already re-routed and person at ticket counter at 2 am did not have access into the "holding" area. Traveling with my sister we were left in Chicago 2am - no hotel - no luggage- no vouchers- just be back in morning for 8 am flight to Peoria. United could do so much better with customer service - none of the United attendants seem to be concerned about a flight filled with unhappy customers - they just repeat their scripted message. The attendant at the end handing out flight information was rude to anyone who asked a question.
My husband and daughter had nothing but troubles with their recent flights. Part of their flight home (a 50 min flight from Chicago to Green Bay) was cancelled with no alternatives. They ended up having to rent a car to get home in time for the next day of work and school. United did not offer any compensation for the cancelled flight nor the car rental. Their customer service lacked immensely and the communication on the flight cancellation was obsolete. We will never fly with United again!
Tel Aviv to Newark in Business Class. Security was quick but the airline did check for beverages in the carry-on bags as I entered the 777-200 airplane don't purchase drinks for the flight. One hour forty-five minutes after a smooth take-off they turned off the fasten seatbelt sign but then turned it back on four minutes later. A recorded message said "Ladies and Gentlemen the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign. Please make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened". The flight attendants then repeated the message in English and Hebrew. This happened five more times during the 12 hour flight which made sleeping difficult. Breakfast was served one hour before landing and the flight attendants did a great job. It would be nice if they could turn down the volume of the recorded message as it made sleeping difficult.
I am currently sitting on a brand new United Airlines plane using their "United Airlines WiFi Beta". First off I am sitting in front of an exit row. I was never notified that my chair will not recline. Why did United notify me when I was selecting my seat? Next question why does United Airlines WiFi Beta not allow video streaming? GoGo WiFi works very well given the circumstances of being inflight when streaming videos. If you are going to force your passengers to use your WiFi please offer a superior solution than what currently exists or just use GoGo or another service that already does a great job. Why was I not notified that this brand new plane would not have TVs? I expected to have TVs in a brand new plane. If these new planes must have so many hours to be certified before TVs can be installed why do passengers not receive a discount on the flight and notified before purchasing the ticket? I feel like the staff the plane and the overall experience is geared to "securing" your safety which is great but every airline does that. Please don't use "my safety" as an excuse to give poor service. I can hop on a safe flight with any airline I want an airline who thinks of the small things that I mentioned above. They have the capital they have the people how do they miss the small things I mentioned above?
Newark to Munich in Business Class with a rude Continental crew. When I plugged in my headset which was located behind me my tablecloth came off my tray and the flight attendant said "your making a mess." When I got up to use the toilet in the back of the Business Class cabin the toilet was occupied so I waited in the aisle because I know flight United flight attendants don't like people waiting in their galley. With a hand motion the flight attendant told me to move back another few inches. Breakfast was served 1.5 hours before landing. The fasten seatbelt sign had been on for five hours straight and passengers were told to prepare for landing. The plane was still at 36000 feet and there was still 40 minutes before landing. Within one minute the flight attendant was moving my seat to the landing position and said "your not paying attention." It doesn't take 40 minutes to prepare for a smooth landing. If you are looking for a pilot that says I'll be turning the fasten seatbelt sign on soon for landing so if you need to use the restroom now would be a good time to do this don't pick this airline.
Took an economy class flight from Burlington to Bogota with a stop in Newark. On the flight over from Newark to Bogota a 6 hour flight the AC was on full blast I was freezing so I asked the flight attendant for a blanket told that they don't provide blankets or pillows. They don't provide food on the flight! A 6 hour international flight without food is unacceptable they want you to pay 10$ for poor quality plane food. On top of all of the above mentioned you have to pay for inflight entertainment 7.50$ for 4 hours! In summary I had a 6 hour flight with no food no entertainment and freezing up.
UA635 LAS to LA 15 Sept 2014. UA 306 LAX to BWI 15 Sept. The worst thing that has happened is United merging with Continental. Having been a million mile flyer on Continental I find the flight schedules on United a total mess. Always a hub connection whether it's Chicago Denver Houston Cleveland LA or San Francisco always inconvenient and time consuming. Boarding process is archaic Southwest can unload reload and leave in the time it takes United Passengers to Board. Always delays and excuses. Give me Southwest any day no Mickey Mouse seat charges baggage charges have a decent amount of non stop flights plus at least you get peanuts more than I can say I get from United's unhappy flight attendants.
Very dissatisfied! Today I had a flight from Charleston to Phoenix with a one hour lay over in Houston. Very little time to switch terminals but scheduled by United. While waiting I learned the Charleston flight was delayed by 30 minutes. Told by flight attendant that this is due to one crew member coming late to the flight causing the delay. Now I have 30 min to get to flight which will not happen and have to stay night in Houston. United has reserved flight at 07.30 next morning. Problem: Parking has been prepaid on my vehicle only until my arrival time. My luggage is already in Phoenix as it left on earlier flight. No reservations in Houston for stay. No meal arrangements. I will refuse to travel with United in the future. Just a note. United has offered meal vouchers and hotel.
Travel agent persuaded me to buy economy plus seat tickets at £960 per person for travel on 22nd August 2014. The seats for outward journey LHR-Washington was 19G and E which was fine but on return journey our seats were 27 G and H These seats are just like any normal cheap economy seats. As usual the leg room felt the same as cheap economy seat the space between two aisle seats was the same. Trolley kept hitting passengers. The food was of poor quality on both legs. The seat were sold by their agent claiming that the Economy Plus class is just as good as Premium class of other airlines and few hundred pounds cheaper.
The first leg of my trip from Buffalo NY Washington D.C. (IAD-Dulles) was three hours late departing. Weather was fine. September 12 2014. They didn't have a plane? Why sell tickets for "ghost flight". My return flight from Washington D.C. (IAD-Dulles) was Sept. 15 2014. Supposed to depart 8.15 am arrive in Buffalo NY 9.35 am. At 7.45 am they text me with a flight delay of 30 minutes. At 8 am they announce that the flight is cancelled because of no crew. Another ghost flight. Go to Customer service where they tell me they can get me home at 11 pm that night which is 9 hours later. I say no. They can put me on US Aiways but I have to go to Reagan National airport. I have no way of getting there so they put me on a shuttle. My checked luggage (which I had checked in at United) ends up in Norfolk VA. I fly on the 4 pm flight from Reagan airport on US Airways to Buffalo NY and get home at 5 pm. I will never fly United again. I have used them for over five years for my flights to D.C. where my son and grandchildren live. The plane was dirty and noisy. The US Airways plane was at least a jet and it was clean and staff were professional.
CCS-IAH-MIA and back Business class. Never have I flown another airline with this kind of awful service small airplanes and old smelly seats pretty uncomfortable for business class. Rude attendants was quite bossy boarding is odd you have a business boarding pass and start wondering how many people fit in that section of the plane before they allow you to board. I have a feeling they inherited the bad service from Continental. One thing is sure no one in his right mind after flying any European Asian or Latin American airline like me will surely never set foot on United's planes again.
LAS-ORD-AMS. I try to like United but the delays have become too much. Initially booked LAS-IAD and onward SN connection to BRU. Aircraft change on LAS-IAD led to being bumped onto LAS-ORD-IAD-BRU. Unworkable as ORD layover was only 50 minutes and my parents on separate ticket weren't bumped. Ultimately accepted change to LAS-ORD-AMS on UA metal but with upgrade to E+ for trouble which was appreciated. Tight layover of 75 minutes in ORD. Morning LAS-ORD flight delayed 60 minutes despite good weather across the country. UA agent offered next day's flight if we missed our connection I had to push hard and literally read out each flight number on alternative LH LX and UA flights. Agent was in the end helpful in taking my instructions protecting us on LH flight from ORD-FRA-AMS if flight was missed. Stress remained high; paid for Wifi on ORD to monitor situation. Arrival gate repeatedly changed adding to stress of possible connection success. All the while ORD-AMS flight delayed 40 minutes yet never appeared on UA website or advised by crew throughout LAS-ORD flight. Frantic disembarkment of flight and did not learn of delay until arrived at gate. Set aside improving its operation UA could avoid stress and hassle of employees and pax if it could at least learn how to communicate situations and update flight status's. Seatmate had experienced same mess the day before but unfortunately did have to wait 24 hours for the next UA flight to AMS. ORD-AMS an hour late though ironically great news for us. The infamous and ancient B763 Ghetto Bird window covered in sticky goo but led to free apology wine from FA after I called attention to it and personally cleaned it. Announcements in Dutch noticed and appreciated. Crew notably pleasant. Baggage made connection which was merciful. Food markedly worse than AC and European carriers. Delays are too routine however and with the watering down of MP program I have already actively booked away from US carriers when flying to Europe on next two flights both from the States and Canada. Return on AC B772 was on time and more comfortable all around - food IFE seat.
As a Platinum customer I fly a lot with United and it is amazing how bad United has become over the last 5 years. Not only did they delay today's departure for a little bit of rain in DC and called it a thunderstorm but they also let our connection leave without us for our honeymoon. I am less frustrated when it is a business trip as I always expect that United does not make its connections. Last year I did not have a single flight on time and missed 6 flights. The business class had very uncomfortable seats the staff made the same announcement every 20 minutes for about 2 hours that we would be a little bit late. Then they made another announcement that someone would be waiting with information for us in Munich. All we were told at Munich airport was to go to the Lufthansa Service Center. The service agent sen us immediately to the departure gate but did not let the airplane know that there were multiple customers coming. So the plane left 5 minutes before we arrived at the gate after a wild goose chase through Munich airport. After flying for years and being vegetarian I usually bring my own food as I am over the monotonous and tasteless food they serve but today I flew business and I wanted some champagne and a meal. It is always the same and the quality of the food has gone downhill and the dessert has also not changed in the last 5 years. The purser came and apologized in person big deal however she did not have any information for those that got stranded in Munich.What about their new security video between images with kangaroos and people sitting in seats on the beach you get completely lost in their new bizarre security video. As an educator I can guarantee that not 1/3 of people have afterwards a clue of what was said because this looks more like a reality TV series or a bad infomercial. I have been to Africa Peru and Europe on three long flights and the movies between these directions do not change. In the last 6 weeks I have seen almost all of what is worth seeing so that's why I gave the Entertainment 1 star. All in all stay away from United flying with United is no fun anymore the individual customer does not make any difference to United.
6012 IAH to LIT non-stop flight due to leave IAH at 12.50 pm cancelled. Reason given was bad weather in Little Rock area. No bad weather in area so that was a bogus excuse. Re-routed to Chicago into LIT. Missed connecting flight in Chicago. Finally caught flight to LIT at 8.30 pm. Upon arrival at LIT could not get bags which had come in on an earlier flight. Terrible service and nobody involved seemed to care.
Had a very bad experience with United Airlines. While travelling from EWR to MSP we boarded the aircraft and were kept sitting for 1 hour then we were told that there were some technical issues so we changed aircraft. Second aircraft also made us wait for one and half hours due to a fuelling issue. Coming back from MSP to EWR the flight was delayed an hour. I will never fly again with United.
ORD-AMS overnight on B767 in Biz Class lousy service by uninterested cabin staff food barely edible. Late departure late arrival. Will try to avoid.
I was supposed to fly direct from Indianapolis to Washington Dulles Sunday Sept 14 on UA3726. When I got to the airport I was advised the flight had been cancelled earlier that day. The ticketing agent said there were no available flights so I was stranded in Indianapolis until the next morning. She was unwilling to offer any hotel or any other compensation. The only available flights the next day had layovers instead of being direct. I took a United flight easily from IND to ORD the next morning. However the flight from ORD to IAD on UA382 was horrible. We boarded the flight late because there were so many people on standby. Then we sat on the tarmac for over 2 hours because they said they needed to refuel. Supposed to land at 11:39am but arrived after 1.30 pm.
On 21st August this year my wife and I were to fly United from Heathrow to Chicago and booked in early July. As soon as online check in opened I found that only five seats were left which meant that we were to be separated during the flight. How were all the rest allocated before the 24hr opening time? The night before we were due to fly out I received a text message to say that the flight was cancelled. Whilst on route to LHR a text arrived telling us to check in as normal. At the United desk we were told that we would be bussed to a hotel for the night. The best compensation they could offer was Economy Plus instead of our Economy seats. On the flight out the food was appalling. Drinks were served from jugs carried down the gangways in a very unprofessional style by very unprofessional stewardesses. After arrival at Chicago we thought our problems were over. Whilst in Washington we went to Dulles Airport to see a United Supervisor to ensure that we could sit together on the return flight on 11th September. The system would not allow her to print boarding cards with seat allocations more than 24hrs before departure but she printed some boarding cards and wrote the seat numbers on the cards. For the return journey we arrived in good time at Chicago checked in and boarded the aircraft on time to find that we had been given Economy Plus seats. Start up time came and went and then an announcement was made that an electrical fault existed. We waited eventually after a delay of approx. 1.5 hours we were off back to Blighty. The flight through the night was unpleasant due to the aircraft being very cold which made sleeping almost impossible. Altogether not a very good experience.
After two years of planning I thought I had all my ducks in a row for a trip from the USA to the Australia Zoo north of Brisbane. I even hired a Travel Agency to avoid any mistakes on my part. Boy was I mistaken. August 25 2014 was finally here. I went to my local airport two hours early (as instructed) and sat there for six hours at the United Airlines boarding gate. We were told the four hour delay was due to the weather in Chicago. Ok not a deal breaker since I had a scheduled six hour layover in Los Angeles. The ticket agent at my local airport is the only good thing about United. She kept track of my schedule and issued me a new ticket from Chicago to Los Angeles when it became obvious that I was going to miss my scheduled flight. I arrived in Chicago four hours late and promptly went to the United gate for my flight to Los Angeles only to to find out that it also was running four hours late. I found another United flight to Los Angeles and got a standby ticket. This flight was running three hours late. Finally I actually got to board a United Airline plane bound for Chicago. Now that all the passengers are onboard the pilot decides he needs to refuel. After maybe ten minutes he announces that the refuelling truck is broken and that the mechanics are working on it. So here we sat waiting to be refuelled. After maybe another hour the pilot announces he was going to taxi over to the international terminal to refuel. Well now it's very clear that I'm going to miss my connecting flight and I can't get off this plane. Fast forward - we arrived in Los Angeles at 2.30 am and my flight to Brisbane Australia left shortly after midnight. I asked the United employee at the gate how to get to the other terminal and she bluntly said the airport was basically closed until 4 am and said I could sleep on the plastic chairs until then. I can't blame anyone for weather delays but the refueling fiasco in Chicago is unacceptable. The rude United employees are unacceptable.
UA5260 IAH-LIT. Uncomfortable seats unacceptable number of delays in Houston. Lack of concern for inconvenience caused to passengers is unacceptable. These tactics are a sign of pure greed. I will make it a point to never fly this airline again.
PDX to MRY round trip Sept 3rd and 10th via San Francisco and via LA. They have consistently delayed flights to/from MRY because they cannot find a plane. On September 3rd they changed gates twice making it difficult for a senior to get to. Today September 10th they are delaying again for the same reason. This means that I'll miss my LA connection because this flight will arrive after the plane leaves that airport. I'm going back to Alaska they can schedule planes to flights.
I took a flight from Shanghai to SFO and onward to LAS. On the return trip from LAS to SFO and then to Hong Kong. 1) Old planes - the planes are so old you don't even get your own personal TV. I remember flying in the 1990s to be just like that when inflight entertainment runs over the large monitor in the front. How is anyone near those screens ever going to sleep on the long flights? 2) Food just is bad. You need to pay for alcoholic drinks. Really? You can't price that into the ticket? 3) Check in at LAS is a nightmare. The auto check-in machines don't really work and require a lot of manual intervention from the staff but there's probably 2 staff serving about 2 dozen machines. 4) Seats are bad.
If I could give United Airlines 0 stars I would. United is a horrible airline with awful customer service unreliable departures dirty airplanes and rude stewards. I booked my ticket 6 months in advance and was bumped to a different later flight about a month prior to my trip. I called the airline and was able to be placed on my original flight. The customer service representative offered no sensical explanation as to why I got bumped. I wanted to ensure I would not be charged for their mistake. The representative assured me I would not be. Well that was not the case. On the day of my flight I found out I had double reservations for two different flights and was charged twice. I immediately called customer service to rectify the situation. I was on the phone for over an hour and the situation was handled horribly. I am beyond disappointed and disgusted with their lack of professionalism. As frequent traveler for both personal and professional purposes I will never fly United again.
I used to only fly united but my last trip will be the last tome I fly United. I booked a trip to Las Vegas and the flight was delayed. United re-routed my flight through Delta. Delta offered complimentary TV and snacks more leg room and I didn't feel as if I was sitting on my neighbors lap. I think United has forgotten about the customer service which used to be the only reason I would fly with them. I will now definitely try other airlines to pick my go to for travel.
Flying from Cincinnati to LA at 5.30am - got to the airport about 40 minutes prior to departure - told us we couldn't check our bag (I've flown internationally and have got bags checked with 30 minutes prior to flight and come on - there aren't that many flights leaving CVG at 5 in the morning) however they rebooked us on other flights and we arrived in LA about 1.5 hrs later - ok not so bad except that when the ticket agent changed our outbound flights she cancelled my son's return flights and when we tried to fly home - no flights - luckily another airline for the return but triple connections due to the agent's mistakes. The flights themselves were ok but everything costs extra now.
After flying from Sacramento to Dulles airport in Washington and then on to Frankfurt it was apparent why United ranks at or near the bottom in the airline ratings. The Airbus 320 to Washington a 5+ Hour flight was brutal. There is no leg room at all the seats are flimsy and uncomfortable and it's impossible to recline your seat because of cramped space. It should be unlawful to pack that many people into limited space. The flight attendants were tired surly and unfriendly. We were in Economy but a row of seats right in front of us were Economy Plus they were empty on our flight. My husband needed to use the bathroom so I sat down in one of the Economy Plus seats until he finished so I could stretch my legs. An FA quickly came over and informed me I couldn't sit there. I told her I was waiting for my husband etc. She said rudely that I needed to return to my assigned seat. There were many empty seats on this flight but when people tried to spread out to get more room they were told no. One man asked if he could sit in one of those seats and was told no because they were Economy Plus. I don't get this attitude. The food was horrendous! There was no food service on the Sacramento to Washington flight which is inexcusable on that long of a flight. Aegean Air from Istanbul to Frankfurt a 55 minute flight served a hot meal - at midnight! There's something wrong with this picture. On the Washington to Frankfurt flight we were served something called a crostini. It had processed lunch meat and processed cheese. It was so horrible I couldn't eat it. Airline food has never been great but it's reached a new low. United should be ashamed of their service. We won't fly with them again.
I travelled from Singapore to San Francisco only because it was a codeshare flight with ANA (from which I booked my tickets). Inflight entertainment was decent on the 1st leg of the flight to Tokyo presumably because it has just been upgraded with touch screen high resolution screens. However inflight service was horrid if you would even call it service to begin with. Flight attendant lashed out when I returned my tray (I was back from the restroom returning to my seat and thought it would be convenient for us both if I were to hand the tray to him since he was collecting the trays 2 rows before mine). "Can you please wait" with absolute annoyance and utter look of disdain before grudgingly snatching the tray away. The same flight attendant stepped on a pillow (which fell from a passenger's seat) while pulling the trolley and conveniently kicked it aside to the bottom of the passenger seat without a bat of his eyelid. On the food expect the same food you'll get from a low cost carrier. In fact you'll be better off with just cup noodles. It was the first time I have seen attendants hand out food without giving you the option to choose simply because "we ran out of xx option so this is your only choice". Inflight service was scarce no one bothered serving water after the meals and before flight landed. On the 2nd leg from Tokyo to SF there was a huge screen in front which they call inflight entertainment. You have the option to pay a nominal sum for wifi access and watch the movies from your own smart devices. Food was as poor as it can get for an international airline with poor service all the same. Rude attendants were still present but I was spared from any lashings this time round (the lady in front got reprimanded for the most ridiculous reason). I asked if I could make an inflight purchase 4 hrs before the flight was scheduled to land and was told the attendant in charge was resting. 2 hrs later I asked the same question and the same answer was given. Just when I decided I am not going to let United earn another cent from me that flight attendant finally finished her break right before the plane commenced its descent and asked what I would like to get. Do note that the ratings were made when comparing against the inflight experience I had when I took Cathay Pacific and ANA flights from Singapore to SF earlier this year and last year.
Not great. Flew Newark to Panama bare bones service even have to pay to watch the tiny TV so take an iPad. Minimal service but on time. Transferred to Copa for short flight to Medillin Colombia seemed like first class! When I arrived I was told the was a problem with my return and you had better sort it out. Copa can do nothing with a 'United booking' so called United in USA to find out. Flight had been cancelled although no email received. Eventually got on economy plus and gone via Houston with tight connection but made it ok. They really just get you there and back without any frills. I live in Asia and in a country with usually great customer service US Airlines and United in particular are very basic!
We were on a trip from Newark to San Diego. The nightmare began when we noticed that we (as two friends travelling together) had been assigned seats that were not located next to each other. But we were okay with this. The flight attendants were pretty friendly but drinks were only served 2 times and food was not served at all (on a 5.5 hours flight). There was the option to purchase food but in my opinion it should go without saying that complementary food is offered on a long-distance flight. Onboard entertainment was also not available for free. Furthermore the TV screens could not be turned off so we were exposed to continuing advertising which lasted the whole flight. When we finally reached our destination in San Diego we were tired starving and thirsty.
Flight UA3789 August 27 2014. Boarded an almost new plane that was in pristine condition comfortable seats (travelling on miles and paid for upgrade to premium seating). Ready for a great flight left on time. The flight crew were terrible there were glares from the front of the plane to the back. Almost no eye contact with customers rude finger pointing. When the snack trolley came by they simply walked past directed their comments to the air in front of them and continued on - likely very few sales there! When coffee and drinks came by they were already past before we could even request a drink (we weren't really asked you see) and we had to call them back to get a coffee. When I went to the toilet the crew simply jerked their finger at me without saying anything and gestured me into a seat that was vacant to wait. They scowled at everyone. By the time we left the plane the people in the seats behind me across from me and the seats near the toilets (I heard them talking as well) were totally turned off by our crew. This was the fourth bad experience I have heard of with United in the past year from co-workers and friends. In fact I have as yet to hear a good experience from any of my colleagues. Also when deplaning they gave out erroneous information. They said that those with connecting flights would have their luggage forwarded and they did not need to collect it. It was wrong in that they do need to collect their luggage to go through customs. Fortunately customs officials were asking people to make sure they had their forwarded luggage. Terrible service. I was flying on miles so the value was great the plane was new and comfortable the experience the pits!
YWG-ORD-YWG: Got to the airport in plenty of time check in on United App didn't work for me so had to use the kiosk and have by far the United kiosks take the longest to fill out. Line up through security was long and slow due to only one lane being open (obviously not United's fault but still frustrating). United flight to and from Winnipeg are seldom on time and either delayed or cancelled probably about 70% of the time. It was no surprise to me that it was delayed an hour and a half. Ended up landing in Chicago about 2 hours late. On the way home mobile check in worked and the whole experience was positive. Got to the gate and seeing my flight was on time was too good to be true and it was. It moved gates and was delayed 40 minutes. Both flights were on an E145. I knew it was going to be snug so I can't really complain since I knew what I was flying on. Both flight attendants were pleasant. Overall I will not fly united anywhere other than Chicago or Denver and I'm even hesitant to fly United to those cities non stop.
Come on United you need to step things up! While others are proceeding forward since their merger and around the globe I feel that UA has remained stagnant in their old ways. The club in LA is just abysmal with the lack of any proper amenities. My recent fight from Los Angeles to Seattle experienced an hour delay and there wasn't any proper dine for sale option though the flights departure was around dinner time. The service standards were one that provided no less or more of what was to be done. I really wish there was a better alternative to United for Star Alliance members to travel domestically on.
UA977 DXB-IAD "Businessfirst". Check in and boarding were smooth professional and efficient. Unfortunately that was the highlight of this flight. Food was mediocre at best. Filet was well done and not done well. Smoked salmon appetizer and salad were disappointing-small in portion and bland. Passed on dessert. Lie flat seats were coffin like in a flat position. Service was spotty. Honestly I can't understand this legacy carrier. Emirates' CEO was right when he said his economy product was better than most carrier's business class. A total disappointment but shouldn't have been surprised. Switching to Emirates in 2015.
MAN-EWR 24/8/14 Flight UA80. I have never experienced a flight in which the crew have seemed almost desperate to pick a fight with passengers! I'm sure they were all tired and keen to get back home but aren't they being paid to attend to the needs of passengers? As well as the staff being incredibly surly I was amazed that they chose to serve a chicken dinner at 10.30am in the morning! They can't even use the rationale that they were working on the destination time zone as we were flying to the US and it would have been 3am there! Luckily the food was absolutely inedible so it wasn't an issue in the end.
ATL-ORD-LAX 27 Aug 14 UA3542. United likes to change your itinerary at the last minute. My reservation was ATL to LAX thru Denver when made but when I went to check in I was routed through Chicago. It was an agonizing trip lasting much too long. United doesn't even give you basic horrible airplane music or rerun TV episodes. You have to pay for everything. Bad business. Not flying United for a year or 2. Maybe never.
Unless you want to have hours of intimate contact with a stranger do not fly United! I am a small women in my 60's. United's seat size just fits me. I was in a window seat when a medium-large gentleman a little round around the edges sat next to me. This man was not obese. He overflowed his seat enough that every time he moved we were shuffled together from butt to knee. I put up with it for half an hour and then excused myself to the aisle. I paced in the back of the plane for an hour. The attendants were serving whatever they serve and saw that I was near hysteria at the thought of returning to what awaited me in my assigned seat. They did find a solution eventually. A United employee was flying coach and they switched me out with him. But the new seat was only 3 rows in front of the gentleman who had been next to me and he had to watch this seat change knowing his size overlapping mine was the cause. These conditions are set up by United in planning an aircraft with seats that are way smaller than the human population of these times. They know this and leave it to their flight attendants to deal. Other airline carriers are tight too but I have heard and witnessed that United is the worst.
IAD - SAV in August. Flight was on schedule both ways which I gather is unusual. The CRJ 200 equipment designed to be uncomfortable was pretty scruffy around the edges. Non stop on this route is convenient. I fly Asian carriers where I live. The FAs while maybe not as professional as they might sometimes be are always friendly well turned out and exquisitely polite. Those on the flights I take back and forth to the US are even more impressive. So imagine my surprise when arriving at the top of the gangway I was greeted by the assigned FA's not inconsiderable rear end. Have good manners been unbundled from the basic ticket price also?
My wife and I booked a flight through last minute.com it was really a last minute thing because we had to be in Auburn by the 22nd August 2014. We got a flight for the 21st August which involved a couple of stops. The flight was from Birmingham UK stopping at Newark NJ and then at Washington Dulles then Syracuse (outgoing). First the flight was supposed to leave Birmingham at 09.00hrs that left 3 hrs late due to technical trouble. Got to Newark NJ so late we missed the 14.50 connection to Washington Dulles. They then booked us on another flight from Newark to Syracuse that was leaving at 21.04hrs that never turned up until about 22.30 and because there was a little downpour of rain the flight was delayed it had never left Attica. We went out on to the tarmac to board the plane and was confronted with a plane that looked like something from the Fred Flinstone era. This was a tiny DHC8 turbo prop plane and we were buffeted around like a roller coaster. So for that trip we were delayed for about 12 hours. Not even a cup of tea or a glass of water was offered to the passengers. The way back was even worse we were supposed to leave Syracuse at 19.10hrs on the 2nd September 2014. Next thing you know the rain started to fall again flight cancelled for 24 hours. We had to spend our own money for a one night stay in a hotel. So instead of going from Syracuse to Washington to Brussels to Birmingham we now had to go from Syracuse to Washington to Dublin then Birmingham. I won't be travelling with them again or recommending them to anyone.
I took a flight from Hong Kong to Newark. Appalling from the moment I stepped on the plane. The staff were very unwelcoming. My seat was behind the exit row which was empty - all the row was empty and seeing as I was sitting between a family who had been split up because of the shoddy seating arrangements we asked if we were able to use the exit row. The response (in an aggressive tone) was no! If you want to sit there its now been designated premium economy its an extra USD 170 each and you can pay by credit card! Note that this in the economy / coach section. The stewardess then made a big deal of slamming down all the dining trays on those seats as if to "seal off the section" - it all made for an incredibly unpleasant start to the flight. Aside from the small seats and lack of leg room when dinner came round I politely requested a cup of tea. The cup of tea was passed to me without any milk or sugar. I politely asked for milk and sugar. She stopped - glared at me and snapped - "well you could have told me that when you asked for the tea". By this stage me and the family I was sharing the row with were finding the staff so rude it was verging on comical. Then to top it off having spent thousands of dollars on this flight I learn that there is no free alcohol. Don't get me wrong I can go with out a drink for 16 hours but its a small touch to offer an alcoholic beverage as part of the service. Anyway an absolute shambles and I shall not make the same mistake of flying with United again.
On July 3 we were bound for intercontinental flight from SFO to FRA. Departure should be at 2 pm and was announced for 6.45 pm. After some more trouble boarding started at 8.15. After a tour on the airfield the plane came back to starting point. At least we departed with a delay of nearly 8 hours. The gate staff was completely stressed with the amendment of connecting flights for other passengers. No customer voucher were given no telephone calls offered no service at all.
We are a Star Alliance Gold family. We purchased Economy tickets from NRT-IAH-FLL-SCE-IAD-NRT but I later upgraded to BusinessFirst with cash. The cash upgrade cost $1400 each. On the NRT-IAH leg the first thing that I found odd was that the FA literally threw the tablecloth to/at me at the beginning of dinner service. I think he just didn't care because throughout the flight his demeanor was cold. Small things like my wife's request for water without ice were met with the glass of water with the biggest piece of ice in it. The seat was great the food was about what you'd expect at a family restaurant and I'm ok with both of these things but I really had to wonder don't people who pay to fly premium deserve at least not passive-aggressive”service? I guess not. The NRT- IAH departure was an hour late due to weather. We were not able to make our connection at IAH. I bet United Airlines could have helped expedite passengers (through immigration/customs/re-checking) with tight connections. Our IAH-FLL departed while we were waiting for our bags. I informed the UA rep at the baggage claim and he told me they'd rebooked us on the next mornings 06.40 IAH-FLL. I asked if I could get a meal/hotel voucher but he informed me that since it was a weather delay UA couldn't take care of us. We feared that we might oversleep the 06.40 flight because of the jetlag. I called UA to ask for another booking and though there were 4 IAH-FLL flights that day our only options were 06.40 or 20.00 departure. Their website revealed open seats on all flights but the rep explained to me that those were first class seats and we weren't eligible for them. The weather delay on departure was caused by a typhoon. IAH is also known to be quite poor at handling international flights. UA made the decision to sell NRT-IAH tickets with a 1.5-hour buffer nonetheless. Maybe it's my fault for buying it but at any rate rather than stay up all night or lose yet another day with my family we accepted a better-timed flight to MIA. Our business with UA resumed two weeks later for the SCE-IAD-NRT return to Japan we took another carrier for our FLL-MBJ and MBJ-ATL-DTW-SCE trips. I mistakenly placed a bottle of honey in my carry-on which was picked up by TSA at security. I figured that if I couldn't get to my bags I could box and check it. I saw my bags were already gone so I waited at the side of the check-in line and figured I would wait until they announced last call for SCE-IAD. The desk rep soon did so and I politely explained “I'd like to get this in to my checked bags.” The man was the portrait of hypertension and stress. He acted as if the world were about to end. Eventually another rep nicely asked me to go get a box from the store across the hallway and I did and when I came back the stressed-out rep acquiesced and while printing the tape/tags repeated over and over “ The flights boarding/you've got to get on it/it’s leaving.”The flight was just starting to board. I am writing this onboard IAD-NRT. We've decided that we won't fly UA again. We’ll pay more to avoid it.
This 80 min United Express flight from Nashville to Washington D.C. was on an ancient CRJ200. The window frames were caulked the overhead bins had chipped edges and the seats ripped. The equipment certainly doesn't represent the United brand in its finest light.
My two children and I had a flight booked from Albany to Portland Oregon changing planes in Newark and Houston. I received my first delay notice via email at 10.16 due to late inbound aircraft arrival. The second one came at 4.39 pm while we were at Newark Airport due to same reason however my children and I watched the plane arrive. The plane had tons of cargo underneath. Not just baggage but tons of commercial boxes. Our plane which was originally supposed to take off at 5pm for Houston did not take off until almost 7pm which put us in Houston at 9.30 a half hour after our plane left for Portland. That was just the beginning of our frustration. As I got to the gate and went to ask the United Airline attendant about connections she said "see the guy down there and he will help you with connecting flight." She was just telling us what we needed to hear to get us out of her way. By the time I got to customer service at 9.45 United Airlines customer service workers were dropping like flies among a mob of very unhappy people. We are talking 10pm people at one of America's busiest airports. 10.30 I finally get with a customer service worker who gets me food voucher's taxi voucher's and a hotel voucher for a best western 25 minutes away from the airport. She said "grab some food around the corner". All food venues were closed. We walked down to ground transportation and were informed only yellow cabs accept taxi voucher's. Finally got a cab and made it to the hotel at 11.30. In short lies and terrible customer service. The cargo was more important than the passengers and the customer service was horrible. I guess I'll never fly United again and given the amount I travel that's a loss for them.
As I near one million miles with this airline I marvel at the abuse I regularly endure. 1/3 flights have some irregularity in part because I live in a community served by UA Express. Regularly UA cancels flights nearly always on the pretext of weather. The UA rez engine never seems to find me the next available flight despite my Premier Exec status. The last 2 cancellation reported at 4.17 am for a 6.27 departure (SCE-ORD-YUL) didn't see anything available until 8.30 pm with an overnight at my expense. I called rez and got a 1pm departure after a wait list failed. 0 customer care for a loyal flyer.
I started off from Seattle to Ottawa. Flight was delayed by more than an hour in Seattle b/c of a "technical problem." Then I was stranded in Chicago for hours before I got to Ottawa after 2pm. I was supposed to get to Ottawa approximately at 9:30am. On my way back a week later I got to Ottawa airport at 4am for my 6am flight. We were told flight was canceled due to a "technical problem" and I was asked to come back at 2pm. I had to argue with them to get me the 11.45 flight to Chicago. Stated in Chicago for hours then arrived in Seattle close to 6pm. I was supposed to be back in Seattle approximately at 10.30am. To be fare they provided us two $8 (Canadian) food vouchers. However I will never rely on United Airlines to get me to my destination on time and I will never fly with them again.
Left Houston for Milwaukee after four flight delays! Return flight - I was delayed another four hours in Houston without explanation and no vouchers. Next time - American Airlines. Another dissatisfied customer!
TPA-ORD-LHR: terrible. I know you get what you pay for but I still expect more than this for what was mainly a transatlantic trip. The TPA-ORD leg was the usual 'bus' service you get used to for US domestic trips but the international leg was beyond terrible. The aircraft was old - decor of a bygone era. The TV screens were the sort I remember for a decade ago - tiny no personal controls. The food was stingy and poor quality (a slab of meat resembling a chicken breast at some time in the past). The cabin crew were surly and long past retirement age (who knows what would happen in an emergency). Surely they could stump up at least one complementary alcoholic beverage like other transatlantic carriers. Next time I'll pay more for a much superior service. This is the budget airline of the Atlantic.
Paid high premium for last minute flight. Wasn't given a seat assignment because no coach seats were left and only seats toward the front which they charge $84 to sit in were left. Got seat assignment at gate back of the plane. Received lowest Group Boarding number because the gate agent said they order group number based on where you sit. Windows higher middle lower aisle lowest. But if you fly stand by you get to set in premium seats with better group number getting a better chance to have overhead space because no one wants to pay $84 just to sit closer to the front of the plane which gives you a better group number. Other airlines are based on more you pay more you get. Was already paying max for flight way more than rest because time constraints than other passengers. United does not care about their customers gate agents are mostly grumpy. They have some of the shortest leg room of most carriers.
MUC-EWR-MUC Aug 2014. Purchased very expensive summer tickets online at Lufthansa.com all the way being led to believe the flight was operated by LH. Only realized it was United after paying the ticket. 1) Pre-ordered special meal not available (although chosen when purchasing ticket at Lufthansa.com). 2) In order to select seats had to go to United.com after purchasing tix at Lufthansa.com. 3) In-flight entertainment had no sound on the MUC-EWR portion of journey. 4) Alcohol on board available only for cash? 5) Online boarding passes not available for either flight - never had this problem with Lufthansa Swiss or any other European airline! 6) EWR airport Terminal C is the worst ever seen nothing to do and bad food available only after the security checkpoint. 7) Check-in procedure at EWR: a huge and completely empty section of United check-in reserved for "premium" passengers (for all 12 of them). 8) Economy passengers check in a cellar at "self-service" terminals overseen by only a handful of employees slow inefficient overcrowded. If Lufthansa is serious about its Star Alliance ratings they should revise the membership of third-rate airlines.
I fly 3-5 times a month domestically and internationally. My most recent flight was from Houston Texas to Mexico City. I must say that in 20 years of air travel I have never experienced a flight attendant crew as unprofessional as the crew on that plane. They were very short with passengers! The over head bins were full and they asked that stored our bags under the seats in front of us. I am 6' 2" the new planes have even less room to fit your legs and feet. Once you bag goes there where are you to put your feet and legs? Keep in mind all I had was a computer bag. I was sitting mid plane in an aisle seat I asked if there was any room up further for my computer bag - "No if you don't like it the next flight in 3 hrs is less full if you would like me to arrange it for you". This was the reply in a very threatening tone! A few moments later I watched the same scenario happen to 2 more passengers with the same consequences. Very unprofessional atmosphere! This atmosphere and overall attitude seems to be becoming the normal for United. Flight #431 departed Houston 8.55am arrived Mex City at 11.10am.
Another cancelled flight! I can't remember the last time a United flight took off on time. Unfortunately I live in Chicago and take them a lot. 2 cancellations in 2 months. They gave me a few points for the last cancelled flight. Big deal - I have to use them on United. United is so horrible that they actually tried to charge me for scheduling a flight in place of the flight they cancelled! Can we get trains to go Chicago to New York? Boston? It would be wonderful just like going from Amsterdam to Brussels to Paris. United has ruined travel. What a mess.
I only had two to three on-time flights from April to June out of more than 10 flights. My flight from Chicago to PVG got cancelled after sitting in the cabin for more than 3 hours in July. Yesterday my wife and son took same flight (UA835) and got delayed by 5.5 hours. UA staff on board were very rude. I will never fly United Airlines.
Gate agents are rude flights constantly delayed with no regard to connecting flights and mostly for "crew availability." Our most recent disaster was trying to get home to KC from San Antonio. First flight delayed putting us in Houston an hour after our connection was to leave. Had to call to find another flight since they offered no alternate options. Once in Houston the flight out was delayed twice due to "awaiting aircraft" a third delay due to "crew availability" and at 10pm was finally cancelled conveniently due to "weather." Which of course relieves United of any lodging responsibility even though the initial delay which caused this fiasco was fully their fault. Was traveling with my 11 year old son had no access to our luggage and ended up with a $361 airport hotel bill. They did finally do one thing right in the end that I have to give them credit for when they rebooked our cancelled flight for the next day they put us on Delta.
I was flying CVG-ORD-LHR. Had an onward very good flight to Mumbai with Jet Airways. CVG-ORD flight was alright. Small aircraft not much of a problem as it was a short trip. It all started once we reached Chicago. After landing we waited in the aircraft for more than an hour. I reached my gate and asked the United staff about my plane. They clearly said that it was on time. So I go eat and come back and my flight is cancelled! I asked the same staff member again and she says I have to contact customer service. They tell me that there is another flight in 2 hours and they will transfer me. Told there are only middle seats in the middle row left! Th4 flight was delayed by an hour again and I was sure I would miss my connecting flight. Onboard the seat was very narrow no leg room and me being a vegetarian my special meal did not get transferred onto this flight. The staff were rude no smiles and hated being even asked for water. The entertainment was the worst I have seen! 4 channels 4 fixed movies one on each and they all start at the same time. Absolutely no value for money. As we finally after 8 hours land in London I had just 25 mins to go from Terminal 1 to Terminal 4 to catch my next flight so ran throughout no option and was one of the last people to catch the plane. I will never fly United again.
I was flying recently from Lincoln NE to Chicago IL. This flight goes back and forth between the two cities multiple times per day. The Lincoln airport also houses Delta and only has four gates so it is very small. The first flight left Lincoln and made it to Chicago with no problems. As the flight was coming back to Lincoln from Chicago it was diverted to Kansas City MO in which the staff members told us that it is too "foggy" to land in Lincoln. What was upsetting was that our flight was delayed three hours and there was not any fog in the area. In fact there was partial sunshine the day of our flight. The staff did not even apologize or attempt to assist the customers who had connecting flights in Chicago. Once on the aircraft the flight attendant was very rude and demeaning. For example we were at the back of the airplane and we did not even receive a beverage before we landed in which the flight attendant told us that we did not need one because she ran out of time.
My husband myself and 3 year old was supposed to fly out the 12th of Aug at 6.10pm. Our flight was delayed 3 times. Then we were told now we had to stay the night at Richmond airport or at O'Hare. We had a choice. We decided to just go home and come back to the 7.45am flight. We got the airport at 6am and was told our flight was delayed until 9am but our connecting flight took off at 9am. So at this point we had no flight out of O'Hare. The airline told us we could sleep at O'Hare on the floor for 7 hrs and couldn't promise a flight out. We did change to American Airlines but did have to wait 5 hrs for that flight. We slept on an airport floor until we left. But no issues after we got off of United.
Flew from Dulles to Brussels on what was described by crew as "a better option than Dulles to Newark to Brussels" and then were left in Belgium with no baggage and no attempt of help from United. We ended up going to Morocco from there and were helped by both Air Maroc and the Belgians. On the way back to the U.S. we were then bumped from our flight due to United giving away our pre-booked tickets to another family. They then complained to us that we were late when we were in fact 3 hours early.
Horrible experience on a Tuesday night flight United flight delays because of some rain from Charleston WV to Chicago caused me to miss flight to Memphis. United only rebooked flight the next day. No offer to put up in hotel. Had to stay in the airport and just sit for 9 hours waiting on the next flight (which got delayed too). It took over 19 hours to go from Charleston to Memphis. I should have taken a Greyhound bus it would have been much cheaper and faster. Horrible service they simply don't care. Never will fly United again.
My husband and I went to Cozumel from Dallas and back with United. The night before out flight I tried to check in and on one of our flights the only way to get to claim seats was by paying 40$ per person. Ridiculous as I had booked the flight months ago. Departing there was a 40 min delay due to "lack of personnel" but as we were boarding the pilot came on saying there was no reason for the delays and that the crew were all there. On the way home the same issue of not being able to claim seats without paying. Then on the way home we had a delay once again from Houston to Dallas. The first delay was due to "awaiting aircraft" and it was 50 min then we boarded the plane 15 mins late due to delayed customers then a final delay of 45 min due to operations. Absolutely ridiculous especially as I paid 100 dollars more for an earlier flight.
I have been flying JFK to Dulles now for 4 weeks on the Friday 2.29 departure. It has never left on time and is generally 1 hour late. On Friday 8/8/14 it left 3 hours late. On two occasions the problem has been mechanical. One time because we needed to put more fuel on as we were given a new flight route. 140 mins longer than originally planned. I guess we were cutting it close before the re-route. All in all it is a bad flying experience. Their tag line should read "you would be better off driving".
My wife and son took United Airlines this summer back form China and transfer in Newark airport. The connection flight and last flight of the day was cancelled due to thunder storms. During the time they waited for their next flight United Airlines did not provide any accommodation they has to sit in gate area seats the whole night until next day. A horrible experience.
Horrible experience flying with United Airlines. From Calgary to Orlando two flights and no snacks provided. My kids were so upset not having any entertainment. TV did not show any channels unless you pay with your credit card. Snacks only if you pay. Missed a connecting flight and delayed due to weather. Waited in line for 3 hours and then boarded. Still no complimentary snacks provided to passengers. No taxi voucher provided due to missed flight. I had to pay more than $200 USD to taxi and I stayed in hotel for only 5 hours. Cost me more time and money to stay for those 5 hours. When I went to board the flight I was told only 2 members of my family could board they did not have space for all four. Options I was given was to connect to flights to different cities which would cost me more time. Paid over $160 for baggage. I will make sure no one in my family fly with this airline.
The second time United Airline had failed me. The first was on October 2013. This review is about my last flight in August 14. I was flying from Houston Texas to LAX. There was a storm near Texas and we were delayed about 2 hours. I understand there are natural disasters out of the airlines control. The problem is how these situations are handled. First one of the flight attendants seemed annoyed by people asking if they could use the restroom and get some water. The other flight attendant was very nice and she tried her best to accommodate peoples needs. Once we were in the air they started selling food to people about an hour into the flight. I have a gluten free restriction and they had very limited options. I wanted the cheese plate with grapes and chocolate and they sold out! That was pretty much my only option. Finally we arrived to LAX 2+ hours late and the gate didn't work. So we waited once again to be let out. Finally it was time to go get my luggage which was taken from me in Texas because there was no more room for my bag. I was the last one on the flight because they had a computer glitch and they couldn't find my seat. It took them about 20 minutes to fix the problem. They didn't tell me if I should wait by the door or go to baggage claims once I arrive at LAX. Once I arrived at LAX I tried asking about my luggage but there was big lines to talk to someone. There seem to be many other problems last night. Finally I asked one United flight attendant and with an attitude she told to go to baggage claim. I told her nobody had explained to me where to get my bag and she was annoyed with my questions. I had flown in other airlines were my luggage was given to me once I exited the plane! It was a legitimate question. Once I was in baggage claim they had about 5 different places two pick up luggage. 3 out of the 5 screens was broken. I asked another Inited employee where I could get my luggage and again with an attitude she said "Obviously it's right there can't you see it?". I told her their screens are broken so no I can't see it. Most United Airline employees are rude disrespectful and not helpful. They seem to hate their job. Unfortunately this is the 2nd time I have such a horrible experience with United.
Calgary Airport to Houston (George Bush) on 31st July 2014. Connecting flight from Houston (George Bush) Airport to Orlando. Returned on 11th August. Orlando to Houston Houston to Calgary. What can I say but after reading such dreadful reviews before our trip I should have listened and gone with another airline! We experienced the worst service ever. Delayed flights once they told us that the wrong plane had been sent. How do you send the wrong plane. 100 people too small. Miserable gum chewing flight attendants that looked like they'd just crawled out of bed. Nearly bumped off one flight altogether and the staff couldn't care less. We even had to pay for inflight entertainment. I seriously don't think they even care if no one wants to fly with them again.
UA 511 SEA-IAD. I am United 1 K but increasingly moving my travel to Delta and other carriers. UA has tanked since its merger. Bad experience started at check-in who incorrectly told me I could not through-check bags to KBL (eventually she did) and then berated me. Plane was tired no internet minimal entertainment. Also minimal food in first class but I'll give a pass on that.
United Airlines needs serious work on maintenance pilots and air crew. I fly (or used to up till now) about 6 times a month for the last 6 years. I can count on 1 hand the number of flights that actually left or arrived on time. There were crew issues (I sat at the gate with the plane present for over 1.5 hrs waiting on a crew from another flight to show up). There were maintenance issues (we are on the plane which was late showing up in the first place supposed to leave at 8.50 plane shows up 9.20. Load the plane by 9.40 sit at the gate because main door would not indicate sealed until 10.15 then cancelled flight. Wait over 12 hours for a new flight). Pilot issues (plane late arriving again after 2 hour delay pilots get on load plane plane pulls out of gate then returns to gate. Pilots leave flight their hours are up. Time used while sitting at gate on phones not flying). If I'm late by 1 minute the door shuts can't get on the plane ok my fault. I sit waiting for over 12 hours because the plane has issues suck it up not even a sorry.
We sent our son 11 years old from San Francisco to Austin TX for a trip on his own. When we were booking his flight on united.com it said that there was a mandatory $300 airline service fee for unaccompanied minors if a child is under 12. The $300 was supposed to pay for a mandatory "unaccompanied minor service". According to them the fee will give the child a United representative to be of help at all times. When we got to the airport though we learned that the "service" was a scam and that they weren't going to do anything for my son. We thought they were going to help him through security and onto the gate but no. They told us that we could have gate passes and go through the security line and help him onto his flight. We were expecting them to help my son for anything he needed but it seemed that they were treating him like he was an adult and didn't care that he was going on a flight all by himself. Today he is supposed to come back from Austin but his flight is delayed due to technical difficulties for 5 hours and instead of taking care of my son as I have paid them to do so I they instead have called my son's aunt whom my son was living with in Austin and asked her to come and wait with my son for the duration of the time. We are wondering why we have paid this fee and what it even includes. When his aunt went to tell the the airline service that my son has the unaccompanied minor service they told her that they don't care and that she must wait in the line like everyone else. This is horrible service and is terrible compared to other airlines. I will not be flying with United Airlines after this experience.
We flew home from Germany to Alberta Canada we had a stop over in Chicago IL. United Airlines had the worst service we have ever had from an airline company. The people were very unhelpful. Here is what happened an explanation of why we are so disappointed. The customer service was the worst we have had. It was our honeymoon we boarded our initial flight in Barcelona Spain with a different airline they flew us to Germany at which point we were to get on our UA flight. The first thing that annoyed us was that the UA airline baggage people didn't even make an effort to get our luggage on our first UA flight (this is something we didn't find out until we were already in Chicago). The lady we spoke to in Chicago simply said "you had a short layover and in cases like that we don't get the luggage because its too difficult." Once we were in Chicago and realized our baggage hadn't made it onto our plane we were told that it would be very easy to give the UA baggage office our address and they would ship them to us the next day. So we landed in Calgary (an hour late) and went to the UA baggage office to report our missing bags and give our address to them. We waited at their office for 1.5 hrs. This was a very frustrating experience in regards to the baggage and customer service. On a final note I would not recommend traveling with United Airlines (Lufthansa)!
United Airlines business or first class to Aruba is very bad. Misleading advertising service and claimed equipment is false. No inflight entertainment as advertised. No video or music in First Class. Seats tray and pockets all dirty with food and garbage from last passenger. This was a brand new plane and in first class the seats were so close I could not get out of my seat without disturbing the passenger in front of me or to my side. Food was spoiled with rancid oil used. Staff could care less. Not even power for my laptop to get work done. Wi-Fi entertainment power all advertised and paid for but got none of it. All bait and switch. This was a blatant rip-off of a consumer. Make you pay for services and then you don't get them.
I flew 3 times with UA during our July 2014 vacations: a round trip Houston-Managua and Houston-Munich. 1) Houston-Managua-Houston: a 3 hour trip and neither a packet of peanuts nor a coke to offer. All was chargeable but water. Never experienced it before with a major airline. 2) Houston-Munich: Firstly our initial flight was cancelled after a 4 hours wait. Ground staff overwhelmed. We waited 2 hours more for rebooking on next day flight they lodged us for overnight in a poor hotel. When finally we took the next days flight crew on board were unpleasant neither a smile nor a "thank you" especially for the offloaded passenger of the previous day. Lunch and breakfast were unacceptable except for pets. Frankly I'm not a demanding guy nor a pain but I will never take this airline anymore.
After taking a red-eye from San Francisco I was bumped from my flight. It happens the planes were switched but the very blatant tension selection of those who got left behind was very frustrating. The customers left behind had booked their flight well in advance and there seemed to be a consistent trait we were connectors from SF. The question of whether I was in for an adventure aka a delayed flight to a completely different location was condescending. No apology until I dealt with a woman at the end of the process. She treated the situation with sensitivity and realized that as a traveler and customer this could possibly be stressful and frustrating. As their customer it seemed like my Sunday was worth less than everyone on the plane. Perhaps they should under board planes not over board them to make more money.
I have had several problems with UA over the years and tend to avoid them but recently I had no good option other than to travel with them from SFO to Dulles round-trip in economy class. The return flight on a 757-300 was horrific with turbulence for hours. The pilot never really commented on it other than a brief "It's bumpy so I've turned on the seat belt sign". I am only 5' 2" and 105 lbs. and I was unable to sit without my knees hitting the seat in front of me. There was no in-flight entertainment at all. I will continue to avoid flying UA at all costs even though they have a hub near us in SFO. My past grievance with them concerned their small seats rude flight staff and last-minute flight cancellations back-to-back with other overbooked flights. While turbulence is turbulence it was handled very poorly.
Flight from Cancun to Houston 8/5/14 arrived at the airport 2.5 hrs prior's to flight time of 3.02pm. It took the entire 2.5 hours to get through the check in line. Ended up having to run to catch the plane. Don't know why they didn't open more lanes the line never got any shorter. When we finally got to the front the line was just as long if not longer than we got there 2.5 hours earlier. Stewardess's were not friendly. Only good thing was flight was on time.
I have flown with United Airlines multiple times so this is no "one time" incident. To have a something go wrong is almost unavoidable. My last experience for example was the last flight of a series of flights from Prague to New Orleans if only it were that easy. The final flight from Washington to New Orleans was supposed to leave at 6:50. There was a "late inbound aircraft arrival" which kept us all in the airport for 3 hours constantly being reassured that the flight would be there shortly. I wish I could say that this incident was the only time it has happened but unfortunately this is a feeling quite familiar to a United Aircraft flyer.
8am flight from Winnipeg to Chicago cancelled 12 hours early due to weather. How the airline knew there would be weather issues that far in advance is beyond me. The earlier flight and the later flight taking the same route went as scheduled. Was re-booked unknown to me with an overnight in Denver (final destination was Tampa). After much difficulty finding a number for the airline was able to get a different flight however leaving Aug 6th instead of 5th. Then asked to be refunded the checked baggage fee and was told I have to do that myself online. Checked the weather this morning and the skies between Winnipeg and Chicago all clear. Will stay clear of United from now on.
United has become a terrible airline since the merger with Continental. The service customer focus and experience have all declined in the past few years. United no longer values loyal customers and it is evident by their service and how they treat their loyal members. I have been a loyal member for 20 years and have decided it is time to find another airline who will treat their passengers better and create a better flight and service experience. The delays also have been horrendous lately with waiting for flight crews to arrive.
Flew Houston-Denver in Economy Plus. UAL charges you extra for deplorable seats. So narrow that the normal sized guy next to me was half in my seat. And the so called extra leg room is a scant 3 inches more for $50. The guy in front reclined his seat all the way ans I thought I was in a tiny cage. UAL charges for AV service. The snack pack for $8 was just OK. The flight staff was friendly - the only positive about this airline.
YWG-ORD BUF-ORD. My flight was supposed to be at 6am but they had us waiting for 2 hours before they cancelled it they rebooked me on a flight that was 11 hours later. On the same trip going back from Buffalo the flight was 3 hours late worst flight experience ever. I know flying United is sometimes cheaper but its not even worth it.
I booked a straight flight from Washington Dulles to Toronto CA. Keep in mind that this was a weekend trip and I was supposed to return Monday afternoon. My departing flight was scheduled for 3.20pm and we boarded around 4pm. The pilot announced that the door could not close completely so we had to wait for an Engineer to fix it. We waited on the plane for an hour. The Engineer came and it took an additional 30 minutes. We got on the runway then the pilot announced that Toronto had issued a no-fly restriction due to severe thunderstorms. We waited on the runway for an hour. They took us back to the terminal and after about 2 0minutes it was time to take off again. We got back on the runway went to the same spot to prepare for take-off when the pilot announced that Toronto Intl. issued another no-fly restriction and we had to wait 30 more minutes. So we did. Then later they called the plane off the runway and cancelled the flight. It took 2 hours to get to customer service so they could help me get on another flight. The Agents were so rude and barely attempted to help me find something that would take me to Toronto that night! Ended up booking me on a 5.45am flight Saturday morning. I left Washington Airport at 11pm. Saturday morning I got on a connecting flight through Texas. What was supposed to be a straight flight to Toronto took 6 hours! To make matters worse my new booking was out of Reagan Airport so I had to adjust my return flight. They gave me a flight back on Air Canada (the Toronto to Chicago leg). I stood in line to check in and learned from the agent at Air Canada that United never officially reserved the seat for me. I had to run to United get them to reserve the flight give me a print out so that I could return to Air Canada. I connected in Chicago. The United flight from Chicago to DC was hour late. I lost time money and sleep. United had no compassion and was unapologetic.
Completely disorganized unfriendly and the least bit helpful. The customer service from the second I came into the airport in Toronto were so unwelcoming. After printing out my boarding passes at the kiosk with no help (Sunwing kiosks had assistants walking around assisting people) struggled with a kiosk and then headed to the line to check bags in. The girl at the desk just seemed so unimpressed and was very cold towards my family and I. Upon going through customs it was very disorganized and very little help was offered while at the receipt kiosks. While going through baggage check the man checking our carry ons was telling everyone that passed that our flight was cancelled. Mind you the smartphone app said the flight was on time early actually. We then got into the waiting area there was just a sense of panic going on and nobody knew what was going on. A flight attendant came and confirmed it was cancelled. Maybe 10 minutes went by and another flight attendant came by and said it was in fact running on time and not to worry. All in all very disorganized and unwelcoming. I've always flown with Sunwing and I guess next time I won't be travelling with United.
Flight from Detroit to New York was 3 hours late which meant we arrived so late that there was nothing left of the day despite only a 1 hr 50 min flight. On the flight from NY to Stockholm we never experienced such unprofessional and unpleasant behaviour from the cabin crew. Overall grumpy except one younger female flight attendant. The older female was very harsh and unfriendly. We will never fly United Airlines again.
HNL/LAX: The return flight from Honolulu to LAX was cancelled. Even though UA had our contact information we were never notified that our flight had been cancelled. It wasn't until we went online to do our check-in that we found out about the cancelled flight. The first reservationist we spoke to was not very helpful. She had us booked to return home the next day in economy and not first class as was paid for stating this was all that was available. We weren't satisfied with her "solution" so we called UA back and spoke with another reservationist who was more helpful. Not only did she offer us another first class flight but it was also on the same day as originally planned (not the next day). Dealing with the first reservationist was very frustrating.
Flight from ORD to Edinburgh was first delayed and then cancelled at 7pm due to "aircraft maintenance". We were told to stay at the gate where a 'recover' team would rebook us onto other flights. It took each agent about 15 minutes to deal with each customer and then after standing in line for an hour we were told that we had to leave the gate as it was needed for another flight. We were told to go and join the back of the long queue at the Customer Services desk across the hall. After standing in line for almost another hour we were told that the best that could be done would be to put us on the flight the next day. Luckily I checked and found an American Airlines flight to London Heathrow leaving at 9.40pm that night with an onward connection to Edinburgh with British Airways. The American and BA staff were courteous and helpful unlike the United staff who didn't seem to give a damn.
UA982 12/23/2013. United provided me with the worst traveling experience of my life. I spent 24 hours in Kuwait City airport after a cancelled flight. United gave me the run-around promising flight after flight which were all already overbooked. The only compensation I received was a complimentary hotel room. I got to the hotel at 1.30am and they took me back to the airport at 4am to catch a flight that was of course overbooked. I finally got a flight (on a different airline) 12 hours later. I understand that some circumstances simply cannot be helped. That is the gamble that goes along with travel. It is the being lied to and treated so poorly which made my experience so terrible.
I write this review sitting in the Milwaukee Wisconsin airport. My flight from Milwaukee to Chicago has been first cancelled then delayed twice. I should have driven to Chicago. Missed two connecting flights. Should have bee in Hartford CT at 10am then 2pm now 4pm. What an absolute joke. When an airline can't provide adequate service from Milwaukee to Chicago they should just fold up their tent and go home. Don't pretend to be a transportation service when you can't transport people as promised. Scheduled this trip specifically to attend a theatre production produced by a friend. Attending that event despite my best planning is being placed in jeopardy by this airline.
The worst airlines I have flown in years! Kiosks were confusing and not enough help to use them. Both round trip flights from Boston to San Francisco were packed to the gills. Seats were terrible and cramped and it felt like you were sardines. Absolutely no snacks at all! Food offerings looked so bad even the staff said not to buy most of them. They have the audacity on the flight back to charge passengers for direct TV with no free channels at all! No cool circulating air so it felt suffocating! Seats terrible and uncomfortable. Staff agreed with our complaints. Flight was one hour late getting into Boston.
HKG-SFO July 28 2014 Economy Plus. Quite simply the worst over-pacific flight I've had (I've had about 70+). The United International Economy Plus product is quite simply one of the worst available when aboard a crusty old 747. The IFE was antiquated and the movies were b-movies at best. The plane is old and crusty and desperately in need of an update. Flight attendants were indifferent and nearly tossed meal trays onto your fold down tray. Seats were dilapidated. Flight took off and landed late. This United international product is sub-standard and should be an embarrassment to United Airlines. With Star Alliance partners ANA and Asiana both offering superior product at same price why would anyone fly United? Quite simply the other airlines do a better job on these routes.
LHR-ORD-LHR. Initial impressions of United were not great as I attempted to check in online only to find that their website system 'could not check you in at this time' after going through the whole process! United now operate from the new terminal 2 at Heathrow which is a big improvement. However upon boarding it was noticeable that the 767 was quite old (pre Boeing 'signature interior' and my seat was uncomfortable. The IFE system is also outdated and was unreliable. However the flight was punctual. The check in system for my return flight ORD-LHR was poor. Initial check in at the airport required using an automated terminal but I could not select a seat as these are allocated at the gate. It is then necessary to queue again to be allocated a seat. There is also not enough space in the departure area to accommodate everyone travelling on the flight. The onboard conditions were also similar on the return flight to the outbound (same aircraft type) except that I was bumped down into the standard economy section from the Economy Plus section. As someone who is 6ft plus this meant squeezing into a cramped seat with minimal legroom - totally unsuitable for a lengthy flight. In addition they ran out of meal choices so passengers had to 'get what they are given'. United also have a stingy policy of charging for alcoholic drinks at inflated prices. Once again the seat was not comfortable and the IFE system was not even working this time. Thankfully arrival was slightly early and the arrival process at Heathrow was most efficient. I will try to avoid flying with United again until they improve the quality of their product.
In May my flight from Newark to Toronto was cancelled due to bad weather - eventually 3 hours after boarding and sitting on the tarmac. I was then left stranded as an international passenger trying to deal with a very surly United ground staff "customer service agent" who told me either to sleep overnight in the airport or find a hotel? No help or assistance. I complained to United officially on my return to the UK and in fact they "granted" me a voucher for $150 off my next booking. They added that they hoped that this did not give me a bad impression of United. Unfortunately I had already made my next booking to the US with United travelling Belfast to Newark to Knoxville early July. Flights from Newark to Knoxville cancelled two days in a row. As there are 3 of us this time I have to find hotels for 2 nights in a row. One positive that came of this was that United re-routed us to Knoxville via Atlanta using Delta. On the way back from Knoxville via Washington to Newark the United flight was delayed by 2 hours. We are then re-routed from Washington to London then Belfast. It maybe incidental to note that no other airlines had delays at Knoxville that day? At least we get home albeit some 4 hours later than expected. Due to delays in arriving we miss the connection London to Belfast. Luckily this flight is on a British Airways plane so I go to BA and it is sorted - promptly and courteously by a nice customer service lady.
First Class from LA to Dulles. When breakfast service came they had cereal and fruit. That's the meal for a $3000 ticket. The attendant repeatedly told me "That is all we currently have available". I offered to buy my own breakfast from the coach menu and was informed that I would indeed have to purchase my meal. On my return flight scheduled at 2.30 pm from Dulles the flight was delayed twice then cancelled at 6pm. Provided with a $100 coupon - certainly doesn't pay for a hotel room in DC. My original plan - flying back on the 10.10 pm flight indeed proved irrational. It was also delayed. I asked the customer service agent to put me on American 6.15 flight to LA. She refused pointing out that I was on backup for 10.10 pm with United. She reissued my ticket on American at the coach rate. She also incorrectly copied down the gate to delay my progress. Thankfully they were on the same concourse. When I made it to American I indeed confirmed that there still was an open first class ticket. The lovely American agent called United and unfortunately did no better than I had for the past three hours finding someone who could reissue the ticket as first class. American graciously put me in the last seat without any help and much hindrance from United. I can honestly say that one should strongly consider their well being before booking a United flight.
Went ORD-DCA-ORD to visit family. On a regional jet the flight was still somewhat comfortable. Coming back to Chicago there was some confusion with passengers who needed to get seats together and while I didn't mind moving I would hope they could try and resolve these things before the plane is full and it becomes hard to move around because of people in aisles etc.
This is usually a good airline - except when flying out of Santa Barbara CA. They share with Skywest and this is a horrible partnership. The gate agents in SBA are horrific and could not care less about their customers. They canceled our flight and the next flight and the next flight on our anniversary weekend. Their only excuse was that skywest never responds and this always happens. If I offered that at my place of business I would be out of business.
Had a multi-city going ORD-PEK and NRT-LAX-ORD. First leg was okay with the in-flight entertainment being satisfactory. On the first leg service was acceptable with it seeming the best on my NRT-LAX part of the itinerary. However because I went on standby for an earlier LAX-ORD flight the agent service *inside* the airport was actually quite poor as I was actually yelled at (along with a whole line of delayed passengers) by one of their agents. At this point I plan on only flying United for domestic flights because I'm a Star Alliance Gold member but otherwise there are much better airlines for any future international trips I may take in the future.
I checked in and went to gate and all was fine for our flight from SFO to Portland. Went to have lunch and came back 10 mins before boarding there was a cancellation of our flight. The next flight and all fights were full leaving from any airport Oakland San Jose etc. They could not accommodate us on any flight until the next morning. I ended up driving 12 hours. I am so disappointed that we were not notified ahead of time even just a couple of hours and I could have made other arrangements. The worst part is the cancellation was due to them being understaffed! Ridiculous reason and poor planning on their part.
Because I wanted to try a 787 I flew LAX-Shanghai then returned on a 747-400 Shanghai-SFO. While the seats are more-or-less simulated business class and the entertainment selection is quite good the service quality is the worst in my 35 year experience. The "flight attendants" apparently come to work only to qualify for free travel as they most certainly do not go out of their way to provide anything approaching "service". The meals and drinks were delivered with all of the passion one expects when one of these veterans delivers the FAA pre-flight announcements. I despised making any contribution to wages these people did not earn. Given a choice between United and Aeroflot I'll likely choose Aeroflot. I fly 10-12 times per year and make the Asia flight 406 times annually this round trip is the worst I've had in 35 years of travel. My advice: fly anyone but United.
I was flying from Orlando to Vegas with connection in Houston. First flight was delayed about 4 hours (not due to weather so it was just because of United and their lack of or poor maintenance of planes). This made me miss my connecting flight so I had to wait in the huge line to get a flight to Vegas. I finally made it to Vegas about 5 hours later. They didn't apologize or give me anything for the inconvenience. Then the day came for my flight back to Orlando which I was dreading. My flight from Vegas to Houston wasn't too delayed so I figured it was a good day. Boy was I wrong. I arrive in Houston at around 2.30pm only to find out that my flight back home was cancelled and they put me on a flight to Orlando the next day at 9pm. I had to wait in the massive customer service line to see if I could get on an earlier flight. After about an hour I get to the front and they told me they can put me on a flight to Jersey with a connection to Orlando. It would get me home by 1am so I figured to do that. Well surprise surprise the flight to Jersey was delayed which made me miss the flight to Orlando which was the last flight. I had to stay the night in Jersey at the airport because they wouldn't pay for any hotel. All in all they had me hopping from state to state like if this was a game and never apologized. I'll never fly with them again.
UA 922 20 July: My name is one of three called out for last boarding due to delayed UA 1711 flight from Boston to Newark due to a mechanical problem as we were told. The delay did not augur well for my not-so-pleasant experience in the flight: no water in the loo food was miserable (the sweet sour chicken meal was kind of soupy and was tasteless) and one particular stewardess was quite snappy. The good thing was the uneventful flight which was a relief considering the week's news. Another good thing was my "seatmate" was transferred next to family so I had two seats to myself. My "no" recommendation was specifically for this plane and crew.
When boarding United flight 919 from LHR to IAD on July 22 2014 I was mortified to be humiliated by a flight attendant because I could not reach the overhead bin to stow my carry on bag. The plane is large and I am 5'1 not tall enough to reach the bin. At 69 I also do not have strength to lift a bag over my head. Berating this to me she said if I could not put the bag in the bin myself then it would have to be checked. Other passengers were shocked at her response to my predicament and of course a kindly tall gentleman immediately put it in the bin for me. On departing the aircraft a tall woman who had heard the attendant earlier came over to take down the bag. The attendant's attitude and manner was very rude. I was in seat 27D for which I had to pay an extra $125. I have been flying across the Atlantic for 53 years. This was my first and hopefully last trip I'll make on United.
Being from New Zealand I have to fly all the time just to get anywhere! Hence am used to flying all round the world multiple airlines. United Airlines are the worst airline I have flown and would not recommend them to any traveler. My Honolulu to Newark flight 2 days ago was cancelled. The reason? "The plane didn't arrive". No explanation. No food voucher (not that we were going to get fed on a 10 hr flight anyway). Grumpy ground staff who obviously had had no customer service training. Luckily got reconnected through Delta who were obliging helpful and got us into NYC with no problem. United's aircraft are old there staff are lazy and unhelpful and they are years behind European Asian and Pacific airlines in regards customer service. Star Alliance should dump them.
My wife and I flew from San Diego to Paris France. On the return trip the video on the plane was inoperative and we flew 10 hours with no movies or sound. The second leg from Washington to San Diego had no video screens available on the plane and the power plug under our seat did not charge our electronic device so we could not watch a movie we had downloaded as we used up our battery on the previous flight from Paris. To top it off one of our bags didn't arrive with the rest of our luggage and hasn't turned up a day later. Needless to say the airlines should have compensated us for the lack of video service during an international flight. The missing luggage might turn up hopefully! The crew were excellent. Not their fault!
This is the second time I have flown United. The first time was without incident. Great trip just lots of stops. This time however the plane I was getting on in Albany was late arriving and thus we were late taking off. This resulted in our flight arriving in Newark too late to catch the connection flight. Not only was I now delayed a day but I was told by the airline that I would likely have to travel to LaGuardia by bus or taxi but they would not cover the cost. This is insane. Also the airline did not seem to have any thought of giving a discount. I purchased a service and the service was not provided. In any other industry I would not pay for this. This will be the last time I travel with United. I will pay the extra money and take a more reliable airline.
Nice seats smiling staff and cutting every corner in First Class on an ORD-FRA route. Four croutons on my salad and ordinary less costly meal choices. 2 mid-priced white wines offered and wasn't even offered a refill during the meal. Had to pay 16.95 USD for WiFi despite a 10000+ USD ticket. Crew has rules about bags on the floor on take-off (even underneath the pod in First Class) and requests we wear shoulder plus lap belts - unlike other airlines. Even check-in was below par no dedicated lines. Nice big seats and big meal portions but equal or less than many other airlines' business class at double the price.
United has recently changed its airplane (routing from PVG-ORD) from a 777 with personalized on-board entertainment in economy to a "new" 747 was shared projection screens. Also they recently changed their US/Asia route to also require payment for alcoholic beverages for those not in business or first-class. Travelling from China to the US quite often the 13+ hour flight seems even longer now that I have no control over what I can watch and no free drinks to "shorten" the travel time. In addition to these new changes the United crew has always been less than pleasant. It seems that the passengers are an inconvenience and I have heard the crew yell at each other on more than one occasion. Given the above I have changed my frequent flier membership to another Star Alliance airline and avoid flying United at all costs. It's just not worth the pain when flying that far and that long.
Ever since Continental merged with United it has been downhill. My flights are repeatedly delayed for various reasons but mainly due to technical issues because they have so many old planes still in service. On my most recent flight my flight was delayed for five hours. The plane did not show up for three hours due to 'weather grounding' which was totally false because the weather was fine in Houston even if there were thunderstorms it would not have grounded for three hours. Then we were boarded and the pilot mentioned they had technical issues. I still do not understand why they would board an entire plane before knowing if/how long it would take to repair everyone sat in the plane for two hours until they were finally able to fix and take off. We were told to contact United for 'compensation' due to the trouble and I was offered $50 (only because I have status otherwise it would have been $25) due to our inconvenience. Apparently a new policy just instituted to give you even less because in the past for something similar I received $100 and $150. They do not even care anymore about customer service so I am moving onto another airline.
We booked a flight from SFO to LAX on United and a separate flight from LAX to Europe. Layover in LAX was supposed to be 5 hours - but rather safe than sorry is what I thought - and sorry we were to be: Upon entering the aircraft doors closed we were informed of a minor delay due to traffic restrictions. A while later a technical problem was added to the mix and they promised to keep us informed. It kept going on like this for a while until about two hours later we were released from the plane and tried to get on the next flight. After a total of three hours the ticketing agent kindly re-booked us on a Delta flight to LAX. We landed just in time to possibly make it on our next plane but the surprise was that our baggage was still on the original plane. So we had to wait even longer in LAX re-book the flight till next day find a hotel and so on. I asked UA ground crew if they could offer assistance with any of it hoping my star alliance gold card might come in handy. It certainly did not. The essence of this trip is: You are most welcome as a client as long as you pay and shut up!
Economy-plus from EWR-HKG. Staff at the airport were very friendly and in-flight were pleasant. For a 16 hour flight I was dreading the experience as I am 6'6" tall. The seat was actually reasonably roomy and thankfully the middle seat of three was vacant. The idea that United now charges for alcoholic beverages on even such a long haul flight really sets them apart from their competition in a bad way. The food was probably the worst I've ever had on an airline and that's saying a lot. Entertainment options were fine but the remote control at y seat did not work and the touchscreen worked only badly. Watched one movie and then slept. Overall though I felt as though I was flying on a budget airline and I wasn't! United step up your game!
My worst flight was 2 weeks ago with United. My original flight was re-routed due to delays and not being able to make my connection. My re-routed trip had a connection which was delayed several times. Several passengers requested clarity to the problem and were given vague excuses and lied to several times. When the final flight was boarding I along with several others were denied boarding as the plane provided was not large enough to accommodate all reservations. I spent that night in the airport and flew to a different location the next day. The staff were unprofessional and created nothing but frustration and anger for many passengers. The planes were uncomfortable and I felt as if we were cattle being driven to our destination. I will never choose United again.
I find that United ground crew in particular seem to delight in going out of their way to be surly (on a good day) or nasty (typically). We flew coach today but honestly it doesn't seem to make a difference. Continental was a great airline that was merged with a terrible one and since the merger we have tried to avoid United wherever possible. Old United equipment substandard IFE overall bad attitudes no matter which cabin you find yourself in. Flying United is an endurance marathon. If we fly up front I am annoyed that we spent money or miles for bad attitudes. When we fly in the back I am annoyed by horrible service inedible food (we bring our own now) and shabby cabins. It's time for the United brand to retire.
I booked a "direct" flight from Berlin Germany to Newark NJ USA and instead of being direct once we got to the airport we were told the airplane would be stopping to fuel up in Maine (obviously not for our flight but for the one after ours). Furthermore having made this trip from Germany/USA several times with other various airlines in comparison United has old planes and less amenities. Lastly there was no way to request a special meal from their website I looked and looked but the meal option was continually grayed out and ended up having to call customer service - another inconvenience.
We scheduled a flight from Dayton OH. to Boston with a connection going to Boston in Newark and another connection flying back with a connection in Chicago. Not once did we depart on-time. Newark was a disaster. We had our flight cancelled obtained a second flight but the customer service rep never suggested we try to get an earlier standby flight. Nobody called us from standby until I questioned the boarding attendant minutes prior to takeoff but managed to get onto the plane only to sit on the runway for over an hour because of a backup radio malfunction which ultimately caused the flight to be cancelled. After 7 hours we made it to Boston. Going home we arrived in Chicago and again on United's commuter connection we had another 2 hour wait while something on the plane was fixed. Service was poor especially in Newark where there were two hundred people waiting at customer service to rebook and two reps staffing the computers talking on a phone and letting a plane load of customers wait. Bottom line is that I almost could have driven to Boston from my home in Ohio and not lost much time.
I am appalled with the way I was treated by this airline. My connecting flight was canceled and no other accommodations were made for an entire flight. When I was told that I would have to stay at the airport for 10 hours for the next available seat my only option was driving to my final destination. The staff had no answers to my questions. When I went to get my baggage I was told it would be about 2 hours before my 1 suitcase would be brought to the carousel. The woman at baggage claim did not follow through and my suitcase was sent to another airport. I had to drive to get my bag from the other airport. I received nothing but frustration for all of the airlines mistakes. Terrible start to my vacation and I will never book with United again.
This week will be the last time I fly United Airlines. I made the mistake of doing a status match program after having Delta status for years simply because I thought that there was better options for flights into my business territory Canada. Today is the final straw in what has been a nightmarish year of unavoidable layovers constant delays cancelled flights and the worst customer service experience possible. I had a flight to Halifax scheduled today. I get to Newark airport for my 2 hour layover and see that my flight is leaving from Concourse A which has no lounge or other comfortable place to get work done. I take the dingy bus to Concourse B/C to use the lounge. While in the lounge I wasted a good hour trying to get Internet to work. I went to the front desk and reported that the Wifi was very slow. The lady behind the desk said that no one else had reported this then went on talking about her vacation pay hours remaining with another United employee. When I arrived in the lounge initially I asked while checking in if they were announcing all flights and was told yes. I did also hear them announce many flights but there was never an announcement for mine. I realized it was 7.05 and my flight left at 7.30. I raced to the bus to Concourse A by the time I arrived at Gate A20 was told that I would not be going to Halifax. I went to the customer care line where I stood for over 5 minutes while 2 agents ignored me. I sat there for almost 10 minutes while she typed away without saying a word to me. Finally she started telling me there was a flight from Houston tomorrow but no seats on it. I heard a passenger next to me say something about a flight to Moncton and asked the agent next to me if there was a flight to Moncton tonight. I asked the staff member to look into the Moncton flight and without saying a word she got up and walked away. Finally got onto the Moncton flight which left 40 minutes late. Again no apologies for the inconvenience to us passengers who foolishly chose to spend our money with United.
Recently flew business class with United from Narita to IAD. For my $13000 r-t ticket I got the narrowest business class seat I've ever been in. They squeeze 8 across in their 777s including 4 abreast in the center aisle. Basically an unfriendly cabin staff that showed little initiative in anticipating customer needs and were inflexible and downright rude in enforcing cabin protocol (use of first class rest rooms when business class facilities were wait listed even though the only people in first class were the second pilot and co-pilot). Food was mediocre and served with little flair.
Would not recommend anyone use this airline. Cancelled our flight and did not get booked until the following day. Lines were long in Kansas City had 2 people working. The facilities are old or not functioning. Worst travel experience ever!
On 10 July Flight 4857 was delayed 2 hours awaiting incoming aircraft. On 13 July Flight 4856 was delayed 3 hours due to mechanical on inbound then further delayed for unknown reasons. Connection in Dulles was missed and later flights to Colorado Springs were unavailable. Attempts to rebook into Denver were unsuccessful as they were also delayed multiple times into early AM hours. Travel from Dulles to Colorado Springs was rebooked for 14 July on Flight 6349. That flight was delayed and subsequently cancelled. Travel was rebooked on Flight 1694 to Csprings via Denver though downgraded from business class to economy. That flight was delayed due to crew issues so the Denver COS connection was missed as well. Travel was rebooked on 6259 which arrived in CSprings on 14 July at 10:.56pm. The gate people were very helpful but the system was unresponsive and they were basically victims as well. Having been loyal United customers for 30 years this sort of thing has become the norm over the last few years predictably unpredictable. They have lost our business.
I travelled business class from Taipei to Boston via San Francisco. The appetizer had unidentifiable meat on it that was so leathery I couldn't even chew it. The roll was as hard as a rock. The toddler in a seat near me made a lot of noise. I usually travel economy and tolerate all of this. When you pay for business class you shouldn't have to tolerate any of this. I arrived in San Francisco and there is a four hour delay on my flight to Boston due to an engine failure on the plane originating in Washington D.C. So I got on an earlier flight but have to travel economy class. I asked the agent to if she could help reimburse me for the difference between economy and business. She said I have to do it by myself online. Hassle after hassle after hassle.
I was on a flight to San Francisco traveling via Washington D.C. All passengers boarded the plane and everything seemed normal. We didn't take off for a few minutes but I assumed that a few minutes delay was normal. The captain walked in next and announced that the "tyre pressure was low". After some conversation with the maintenance crew at the airport the captain announced that they will have to deplane us. My thoughts at that point were - why wasn't it looked at before the previous crew left the aircraft? Or afterwards? They kept intermittently announcing that the flight would take off now and then and so on. But eventually 6 hours after we first boarded the plane the flight was cancelled. The crew expressed helplessness - we can't blame them. The airline staff were also helpful in rebooking but it was a lesson - a significant one in my life and I'll certainly think a hundred times before choosing United again.
Airline staff (only one) never smiled and I mean never smiled even when I was pleasant to them when purchasing drinks the stewardess couldn't find what we wanted we had to point them out to her and she made a comment after buying 3 drinks if we were going to "buy the entire cart" and she wasn't being funny. We had to ask one of them could they collect trash after eating and he grunted and went off to get a bag and when we said thanks he just glared at us. We felt like cattle first you eat then you buy drinks and then don't annoy us. It was a long night from Newark to Belfast and was very glad to get off that flight.
I was booked on another flight after my original flight was cancelled due to Hurricane Arthur. I decided to check- in for this flight as I would have to get up at 5am to catch it. At 7pm when I went to check in online I found out that my flight had again been cancelled (couldn't blame the weather - reason given was no crew) and I was re- scheduled for a flight at 1.30pm. There was no email sent to me nor was I contacted to be informed of this change less than 10 hours before my flight. When my flight 5876 was cancelled on 3 Jul 14 there were 2 staff members to re-schedule over 50 people - it takes about 45 minutes for the staff to re-schedule each person. How come United could not find more staff - this was known there would be cancellations predictable that flights would be cancelled. Overall a pretty shabby performance from United. Now again today they cancelled my flight - also did not inform me at all - I found out by accident by looking at their website. This was the only flight cancelled going to Harrisburg PA. Flights cancelled 3 times in the last 3 weeks and no-one told me. They have all my contact information and send me my boarding passes and tickets but won't tell me when a flight is cancelled.
I was on my way to Houston at McAllen airport and for almost 12 hours they kept postponing the flight every 30-90 minutes until finally cancelling one of the flights after about 6 hours but letting us know that we could go on a flight that again was postponed several times for about 5 hours until they finally cancelled the flight. Bottom line they kept me in a small airport from almost 9am until 9pm and then no flight. I've heard similar problems with this airline. Seems the service offered by this airline has declined tremendously since the merger (Continental + United). Very unreliable and I definitely try to avoid using this airline at least until there is significant improvement in service.
I flew several internal US flights with my family May 2014. I was hugely disappointed with the quality of seating and the service. United is absolutely a cheap airline operating cattle trucks in the sky. The cabins are rammed full with very little space the seating is dreadful the customer service a joke and the mighty dollar king. I am only surprised the toilets were not charged for. The baggage handling was terrible. It is truly amazing that this airline has gone so far downhill.
MUC-EWR in Economy Plus. The EC cabin was probably less than half full which made things more comfortable but that didn't seem to affect the overall poor service. Most flight attendants perfunctory with their work (with one exception) and attitudes were poor. Food given to us as if we were a million-man army and the quality continues to decline. Few water runs. On the upside the movie selection was excellent but I have never seen a worse cabin crew ever.
On July 1 2014 my family and I were traveling to the Cayman Islands flight was cancelled 1 hr prior to our departure time due to bad weather in Houston. They tried to reschedule our flight for two days later we could not go two days later we had to return to work in a certain amount of time. Once we were on a flight that day the flight attendant reported to us that there was no bad weather and had no idea why our flight was cancelled. We were then sent to Houston airport where they got us on a flight to fly into Miami where our next flight could not leave until the next morning so we spent the night on the floor at the Miami airport. The experience to our destination was horrible flying United and their express flights. Once we were returning home on United they did not tell us we did not have to pay for our luggage again and let us pay again Once again the flight was unpleasant. Once we arrived into Houston our flight home was delayed again the experience with United Airlines was horrible and the flight attendants were very unfriendly. I will never fly United again.
Like many people I flew United because of the great service I used to receive when Continental was still around. After the merger United seems to actually try to become the worst airline in United States history! On my last 4 trips United was responsible for 6 flights. Out of the 6 5 had major issues. The first trip had two legs. The first flight was delayed 1.5 hrs because the pilots couldn't show up on time. That caused me to miss my connecting flight by 3 minutes. Because the connecting flight was missed they booked me on the next flight (after an hour wait in the Customer Service line at O'Hare). Well the next flight was delayed nearly 3 hours - 1.5 of which was on the tarmac! On the return trip I checked in to my LAX-ORD flight only to find out my seat had been canceled. After arguing with the ticket counter agent that I indeed paid to be on the flight they finally called their reservations department. They in turn told me that I cancelled the flight. After more arguing they finally conceded that my seat may have been "accidentally canceled" by the ORD customer service. Finally on my last connection from ORD-ATW I sat around for over 5 hours because the aircraft that was supposed to take the route was late coming in. Really? It's Chicago O'Hare airport United's biggest hub! They couldn't pull another ERJ-145 into service? I could have driven to ATW and back (probably should have) in the amount of time I waited for the delayed aircraft. Despite having been a loyal Continental customer for over a decade I will not be flying United again in my lifetime.
Flew from SLC to DFW with my two toddlers. Our first flight from SLC-Houston was delayed about 40 minutes which gave me 20 minutes to get on my flight in Houston to DFW. I gate checked my stroller so I could use it to get from one flight to the next. After our flight I waited for the stroller and it never came. A baggage worker approached me and told me that he couldn't bring my stroller up because it had a white tag when it needed the pink tag. I told him that I needed to get to a flight that was leaving in 20 minutes. He was nice and offered to get the stroller onto my next flight. I trusted he would and ran to our next flight dragging my two screaming kids with me. We barely made it before it took off. When we landed in DFW I again waited at the gate for my stroller. It never came. I again dragged my two toddlers across the airport to baggage claim. The stroller still wasn't there. I eventually found the stroller without anyone's help. I will not fly United again.
Our flight from Anchorage was to depart around 8.35 or so but delayed 2 hours due to electrical issues. Repairs made and flight was smooth and safe. But this put many people into flux because of missed connections. Houston airport was a total mess with people milling around and scrambling for standby options. We had a package of frozen fish we did not care to lose. We would approach the podiums for standby only to be advised the flight was already overbooked. On top of that many flights did not have a crew on the ground and had to await arrival on yet another messed up flight. I feel for the employees. Some were very nice and helpful but many but totally burned out and fighting with each other. This is a nasty situation and I encourage another airline at the moment.
On the way to our destination they wouldn't accommodate my family (5) since we missed our connecting flight due to a delay on their part. It took us over 24 hours to reach the east coast which normally takes 6 hours flying. On the way back they gave away my paid for ticket that I purchased 2 months in advanced to someone who bought it 2 hours before. They re-booked me on the same flight with my family and only to find out once I boarded it was double booked. They also misplaced our luggage and left it in Newark New Jersey when we live in California.
United's poor handling of airline operations and poor customer service led to two cancelled flights and nine hour in the airport on June 30 (ending on July 1 at 3.30am) for my originally scheduled flight #518 from Chicago ORD to Portland OR (PDX). After arriving 3 hours late into ORD on a flight from Munich because of an unscheduled stop in Boston to change pilots I arrived to find flight #518 from ORD to PDX delayed because of a maintenance issue. After three delays two gate changes and three hours the flight was cancelled. I was reassigned to Flight #627 scheduled to depart at 8.25pm. If my original flight had left on time I would have missed the weather delay that started at about 7pm and lasted for an hour or so. The weather delay did mess things up and flights were diverted to wait for the weather to pass. Our incoming plane was diverted to Rockford IL for a ground stop and then never made it to Chicago. We had 7 official delays several noted only after the original delay deadline had passed and then the delay was only another 30 to 45 minutes so not much time to go get food etc. We had 3 gate changes during the process the last of which brought us back to the gate where our plane for Flight #518 was still sitting still with its mechanical problems. Our inbound aircraft never made it no alternative aircraft could be brought to the gate even though there was an alternate aircraft available and the flight crew timed out at just before 2am when they cancelled the flight. They offered a hotel voucher but the closest hotel was 20 miles away. After 26 hours travelling the last nine being at ORD I left for a hotel I had to pay for an hour away in downtown Chicago. Very poor customer service.
Worst travel experience ever. Travelling with two young kids not given seats together on flights from YVR to IAH and IAH to Tampa even after calling Customer Service before the flight. Flight to IAH was late resulting in missing connection to Tampa. Had to stay in IAH for 6 hours with two kids and Customer Service did not appear to care or want to help. UA has the worst customer service and do not listen to their customers.
I flew UA Spokane WA to Denver CO and flight staff were late for work so slight delay. Plane was crowded but staff pleasant. Got to Denver landed at Gate B1 and had to run to Gate B95 because I had 5 mins to catch my next flight also UA. Finally got to my gate to find it was changed and there was a delay for half an hour. This turned into a two hour delay as they kept extending it. Plane was very crowded and tiny seats staff were friendly enough served cold coffee. I was lucky as everyone I sat with had a UA flying horror story. All in all it could have been worse. I thought staff being late was rather tacky. I think I will fly Delta next time.
Our United flight DCA-ORD (direct) was cancelled and finally we arrived to Chicago 12 hours later flying via New York. Very bad information from staff. Only 4 days later another United flight from Chicago to Frankfurt was delayed more than 2 hours and we lose our flight connection to Barcelona. Entertainment and service on board was very poor. We've flown with many airlines from five continents and United is the worst in service. We cannot recommend this airline.
Flight 63 July 4 2014. We had a full coach with no functioning bathrooms! I found out from one of the FA's that the flight came to Madrid from Washington with the forward bathroom already broken and the service crew didn't bother to fix it. Mid flight the second bathroom got irreparably jammed because of over use and lack of water. Of the last one soon followed. What sort of management runs a company like that. United will soon have the reputation that Aeroflot had back in the eighties. We will never travel with United again and that after twenty years of loyalty.
I am a Premier Silver member on United. I am on the verge of switching airlines for future travel due to the horrible experience I'm having. I used miles to book a ticket from Sao Paulo to Chicago. They cancelled the flight (UAL 844) on July 1 (apparently weather in Chicago) again (UAL 844) on July 2 and automatically rebooked me on a flight on July 4 with a connection through Washington D.C. There has been zero communication from United except for an automatic rebooking email. Hundreds of travelers are now stranded at a Holiday Inn on the outskirts of Sao Paulo Brazil. I will be stranded in Sao Paulo for four extra days! I consistently attain Premier Silver status and always defend United when other customers complain of how bad an airline it is. Since I fly out of Chicago O'Hare I know I have other options in terms of airlines. I do not even know if I will make it out on July 4. The hotel we are at has provided no information to any of the customers in terms of what is the next step. As United increases capacity to try to build revenue they need to not forget about what matters the most: the customer. If this is not resolved to my satisfaction I will be taking my business to American Airlines (or elsewhere).
United Flight San Fran to Sydney due to depart at 10.20pm July 1st. Late away from the gates. Over 2 hours on the runway - a disruptive passenger means we have to return to the gate so that she can be removed by police. We are then told that we are not allowed to depart at all that evening and have to get off the plane. Went to customer service with all 350 other people. Queue to get a hotel voucher and new tickets for 25 hours later. Queue to get the shuttle. Finally in a hotel in the middle of nowhere at 3am. 25 hours of my life gone - disgraceful communication from United. Passenger was already behaving badly in the airport bar before departure.
I have been flying UAL for nearly 30 years now but I increasingly find them to be worse and worse. I have written to them twice now to protest their terrible baggage policies that encourage people to game the system and bring large heavy luggage to the gate so that they can get it on for free rather than paying for checking. This means long delays and dangerous conditions on board as people try to lift bags that are too heavy for them over the heads of other passengers putting them in danger. Indeed this last flight I took a direct hit on my head from a passenger's backpack that was too heavy for her. No attendant came to see if I was safe and uninjured. Attendants told me they could not announce that passengers should be careful of other passengers when loading luggage because it would be a "deviation from the script" and get them in trouble. This is no longer an airline that I can say puts the client first.
My family and I flew United from Austin TX to Portland ME on June 30th. Or at least we tried to fly into Portland. We boarded our flight in Austin and arrived to Chicago with no problems. In Chicago we boarded our connecting flight but were told we were going to have to sit on the runway for a while because of the thunderstorms going on. About 30 minutes later we had to deplane for our safety. When we got off the plane we discovered numerous flights had been canceled due to weather. About 15 minutes later they got us back on the plane and told us we just had to fuel up and that they were going to get us to Portland that night. So then we waited out the weather for 6 hours and finally it was clear enough to take off at midnight. However one of the flight attendants timed out right when we were about to push back from the gate at midnight so they canceled it and told us to go wait in the customer service line to rebook. The line stretched over 10 gates and wasn't really helping any customers. Called customer service instead and was told there were no flights from Chicago to Portland until 3 days later and the best they could do for us was fly us to Hartford Connecticut - a 4 hour drive from Portland. Told our luggage would be sent to our destination Portland and would be waiting for us once we drove there. When we finally arrived in Portland at 6pm 24 hours after we were supposed to 3/4 bags hadn't even arrived. They have lost my family as customers.
I switched from Southwest airlines 5-6 years ago. Logged around 180K miles since joining Continental/United. A while back I used most of my balance of miles to reward myself with a trip to Vegas for me and my wife. First Class there and coach back. Purchased at least a month in advance checked in the day before received tickets with our seat assignments while checking our bags. So far so good. At the gate they informed us that United overbooked First Class-still plenty of seats on plane-just overbooked First Class-not sure how you do that-since the odds of "no shows" happening with FC seats has to be rare. I understand overbooking the plane but not a section. We were told since we did not purchase the tickets with money we were the lucky losers. Someone gave up their seat which put my wife in first class and me in the back. Five years of loyalty resulted in a final reward of getting split up to start our vacation. The image of my wife crying at the gate will forever remind me of how United rewards their customers.
In the last month I and my family have flown United four times. Three of the four flights were unmitigated disasters causing terrible disruptions in our plans and incredible inconvenience. To make matters worse it seems as if United is totally focused on the passenger bearing all the downside to their poor execution. We got off a cancelled flight in Chicago ay 12.30 am and were greeted with nothing more than a toll free number to call for help. Not only the most pathetic customer service I've seen for an airline but the worst service I can recall for any business I've been associated with. I will fly United from now on only as a last resort.
Flew UA1453 on June 29 2014 from Dulles to Seattle. Worst experience ever. Took 90 minutes to check bags. Flight left 3 hours late. Had to board twice. They had to reassign seats for four different families with little kids because they didn't get seated together when issued tickets. Had to unload because they had a flat tyre. Apparently they don't check things like that before loading planes. Watched Laurel and Hardy change the tyres. Missed my connecting flight in Seattle (of course).
Flight from New Orleans LA to Houston Texas delayed multiple times due to weather. Frequent gate changes plus delays required interaction with agents required to arrange connecting flights. 3 times waited in line for over an hour. One agent actually yelled at us about "why didn't we all just call the reservations line?" Which of course we were all trying to do but could not get through. I ended up spending the night at the Houston airport. I asked United personnel if I could get a blanket and pillow and was told they did not have any. However the next morning on another Untied concourse there were at least a dozen people on cots - with pillows and blankets! I also was unable to get anything to eat or drink as all of the businesses in the airport seemed to close at 10pm and we arrived at ~ 10.03. I am diabetic and have MS (had not eaten since 9am) and was unable to get any United personnel to help me out with this matter. I remain appalled at the lack of customer service and professionalism of United's staff.
June 25 2014 - flight delayed in Norfolk Virginia due to high winds at our destination. Not enough personnel to assist travelers at the counter. Computers were not operable. Attendant repeatedly assured us we were next in line but continued to help other people. After a 45 min wait another attendant arrived and made every effort to help but it was too late. Spent night at airport since local hotels were booked. Passengers were given a blanket and told to look for a place to sleep. Airport was extremely cold and loud music played all night. Witnessed the treatment from a United Supervisor towards a passenger at the Customer service counter - rude! Prior to this ordeal we attempted to change flight one day earlier but refused to pay the $200 - $300 per ticket. This was our second experience with United and were told that since they were purchased/merged with Continental the customer service has declined. Will try to avoid flying with them until this is corrected.
The trip from Little Rock to Moline was fairly uneventful except for a delay due to weather in Chicago. That is understandable. However the return trip from Moline to Little Rock was a complete disaster! Our flight from Moline to Chicago was delayed for crew time-out. Really? Our flight had been scheduled for over 2 months. Surely that is enough time to prepare for an available crew. Naturally even though we ran as fast as we could not easy for 60+ year old people we missed our connecting flight. Then we spent another 2 hours waiting in line to find another airline. Not allowed to mention lost luggage. Horrible experience.
I flew San Francisco to Hong Kong and the old 747-400 didn't even have a good entertainment system. The audio outlets on the seats did not work the food was horrible! Alcoholic drinks are not free. On top of the $2000 USD fare that I am paying to fly economy I still have to pay $6 dollars for a beer. On top of that since I was coming from Bogota via Houston then to San Francisco when I arrived into Hong Kong my bag was not there! On my way back from Hong Kong to Newark and then to Bogota I happened to have the last row and the seats do not recline. On top of that I get to Bogota and my luggage was not there again.
June 27th 2014 - I usually avoid United because I have very rarely had a flight that wasn't delayed or cancelled outright with little to no notice. Today was no exception with a delay causing over a 90 minute delay. Nearly 25% of the other passengers on this flight were unable to get to connecting flights with this delay and were summarily told to pound salt when asked what United could/would do for them. Myself being only minorly inconvenienced could only hang my head in sympathy for passengers who would inevitably be left in Chicago O'Hare (also with it's share of issues) but when other passengers began comparing experiences on United they all agreed that this was relatively common regardless of destination. I cannot recommend United to anyone and suggest they actively avoid using this airline unless they absolutely don't need to get to their destination on time. Avoid using United Airlines unless you don't care about being on time or even arriving the same scheduled day. The fares are a poor bait and switch tactic and I would be surprised if the FAA does not step in soon.
Flew IAH-DFW on June 11 as first leg to onward travel to Frankfurt on United Ticket but second leg operated on Lufthansa (business). Flight was delayed plane change and gate change. Had no access to United Club even with International Business Ticket in Houston. Reason was that my flights would have to be business all the way through final destination but E145 has no business. Barely made my connection in DFW. Reasons above are easy to fix but I guess not intended to. Why not make your customers happy. Work hard Fly right? Staff were nice and friendly and tried to make up for the delay and no access policy. Summary nice Staff but more and more 'unfriendly' policies.
Flew UA 319 Global First last night connecting from Austrian Airlines and was looking forward to experiencing UA's Global First on their three class 777 as I rarely ever fly UA. Horrible experience. Started with denying us access to the Global First Lounge as we were on Aeroplan miles even though their website says flying in Global First grants access to the lounge. They sent us three rail stops away to the Lufthansa Business Lounge so we could shower after the 10 hour+ flight from Vienna. The Gate Area was a mess with over 300 people crammed into a small area lining up like cattle in divided rows for 1 2 3 4 5 and 6 lanes - worse then Southwest. The plane came in late. We had to move to another Gate Area from C12 to D3 for another aircraft. The second Gate Area was larger. After a 1 hour and 38 minute delay we took off. Despite only 8 seats in Global First they don't get to board first. You must wait in Lane 1. Seems like an odd policy. The seats and cabin are very nice no complaints. The video/audio choices extensive except the screen is a little small compared to other carriers. For a transcon the drink/meal service stunk. The flight attendants were pleasant but UA offers no menus no champagne a tiny nut dish of peanuts and almonds limited food choices (chicken or pasta) all served at once on a plastic tray. The quality of food was poor. The sundae was very nice. Now I understand why United is having such a difficult time. They need to check out what other US carriers are doing.
Flew from Hong Kong to San Fran and around the US in late May. I am not a fussy flyer at all and can usually go to sleep easily. I am also an Aussie meaning I am used to the 'service' Qantas provides. However after my experience with United I am going to go easy on Qantas. I'll start my review with - "wow". It actually takes more effort than less to be as terrible as United. From the no entertainment system on-board (standard I'm told on a 12 hour flight) terrible food (I live in Asia and I know what bad food is) multiple gate changes (5 in total in 1 hour) and 2 hour delay (no apology). Then there was the possibly the rudest individuals I've ever met posing as flight attendants. I am not sure who employed these folk or why on earth they decided to work in the service industry but they were not only dismissive cold and patronising towards guests they actually made the whole flight a tense and uncomfortable environment. In summary I don't understand UA's play. They act like a low’ cost airline. I say 'low low' because the majority of low cost airlines play in the mid tier now. As a national carrier I don't understand this. They can't beat Southwest so you'd think service would be a priority. Manners are free last time I checked. Once again it takes more effort to be that terrible then it would to provide a half decent service. They are too many alternatives to put yourself through a UA experience. The most interesting part of this is all they have to do is look at Qantas and others who behaved like this in the late 90s and ended up losing half of their market share and have been struggling since. Your people are your business.
We have flown with a number of other airlines both internationally and domestic and flying United was a nightmare. Weather is out of everyone's control but management of the overall system is a disaster and not equipped on the front line to deal with flight problems. We normally fly in and out of MSP but United ORD on the surface offered better options for connections to and from Toronto. The problems in Chicago from what information we managed to get (mostly from other passengers both on our flight and other flights) were they did not know where aircraft crews were where the planes were coming and going or what gate (we were moved 3 times-one of which was on the opposite end of the terminal). We have had less delays and problems flying out of MSP in brutal winter weather. They make no announcements and changes are not posted timely and if you can't get an audience with very limited counter agents you find out your flight has been cancelled when the boarding time has come and gone. We witnessed that time and again. We were rebooked on the same flight 24 hours later-and as expected no luggage when we arrived-the tracking showed the time and place it was checked in more than 24 hours earlier at ORD-no progress up the chain in over 24 hours. I honestly feel for the counter people who have to deal with the chaos and irate passengers with little information and resources to fix problems-no wonder they may be less than friendly at times. I do believe there are huge and unnecessary internal problems with this airline (or airport) because we have flown from coast to coast foreign countries and very bad weather with other airlines (and airports) that managed to deal with flight problems in a more efficient and passenger friendly manner. Who cares about the free soda with no ice - it would appear United-ORD has much much bigger problems.
In a recent long-haul flight (UA871) SFO-TPE business class again ran out of the Asian meal option. This occurred in 4 out of my 5 recent transpacific flights. The purser came and apologized. She said United loaded only four such meals into a business class that seats 44 passengers! With a destination that is Taipei it's astounding that United didn't bother to prepare more Asian food options. It seems to never happen when I fly Asiana Cathay Singapore or Lufthansa. It happens only on United. Is United hedging on meals to save money? And what is this 2-4-2 business class configuration? It's pretty bad given that for the same fare one can fly in a much more spacious environment on competing airlines. I wish United would dismantle these terrible seats.
DEN to ORD on a new (or with a new interior) A-320 and was very disappointed. UA has removed the entertainment system on this new plane both audio and video so if you like listening to "From the Cockpit" you are out of luck. Not everyone is always traveling with a laptop so on long flights the absence of entertainment will be very noticeable. The top of the slimline seat in front of me felt like it was right in front of my face and the new skinny armrests were very short and uncomfortable. The A-320 used to be my favorite plane on UA but if this is a sign of things to come it won't be any longer.
My flight out from SFO was overbooked by 4 and there were some "hold your breath" moments until 4 people decided to give up their tickets and take an alternate flight. I had a connecting flight in Denver to Lincoln Nebraska. Fortunately I had a 3 hour layover in Denver which gave me plenty of time to walk from one end of the airport to the other for a connecting flight and believe me when I say it is a long haul. If anyone has a short time span to get to a connecting flight I suggest they arrange for a cart. Passenger space on United is cramped. I sat beside a big guy and had to lean well over into the aisle in order for both of us to be able to sit in the side by side seats. My return from Lincoln to SFO was a nightmare. I arrived in Lincoln got my boarding pass and when I looked at the pass and compared the time on it to the departure time listed on the board I noticed that departure was at least one hour later - which meant that I would miss my connecting flight in Denver. When I pointed this out to someone in the airport departure gate area they told me to get on the red phone to see if an alternate connection could be arranged. Once the plane finally arrived and I boarded there was still a good possibility that I would miss my revised connecting flight in Denver. I got on one of the cars that transport passengers from one gate to another arrived 15 minutes before the connecting flight was scheduled to depart and found that it also had arrived late and was just disembarking. This of course delayed the scheduled departure time of that flight. Finally to my relief I boarded the flight from Denver to SFO only to sit on tarmac for over an hour due to lightning thunder and rain. You pay for selecting seats you pay for luggage you pay for snacks and for the flight but you are packed into an exceptionally small seating space in which you cannot even fully put your tray down comfortably. Passengers should be treated better even if they fly economy.
20 June 2014. Was booked on flight KOD72G Denver to Chicago for business. Like all my previous experiences flying on United not only does the flight board beyond the stated time we pull out of the gate 40 minutes late only to be told while sitting on the runway that we are going to be held 30 minutes in our position. It's bad enough that the seats are extremely small now we're delayed over 1 hour total which causes issues with our connections. These constant delays and poor service from the airline is unacceptable.
Frequent traveler with United and other airlines. United has declining service reduced food reduced beverages at United Club frequent delays Service is mixed. Seems like constant crisis at the gates. Avoid them. Latest trip was DCA to ORD. Flight was delayed.
Flew from Hong Kong to San Fran and around the US in late May. I am not a fussy flyer at all and can usually go to sleep easily. I am also an Aussie meaning I am used to the 'service' Qantas provides. However after my experience with United I am going to go easy on Qantas. I'll start my review with - "wow". It actually takes more effort than less to be as terrible as United. From the no entertainment system on-board (standard I'm told on a 12 hour flight) terrible food (I live in Asia and I know what bad food is) multiple gate changes (5 in total in 1 hour) and 2 hour delay (no apology). Then there was the possibly the rudest individuals I've ever met posing as flight attendants. They were not only dismissive cold and patronising towards guests they actually made the whole flight a tense and uncomfortable environment. In summary I don't understand UA's play. They act like a‘low cost airline. Your people are your business.
I travel all the time for business and booked on United for cost reasons I was flying last-minute from LGA to MSP. I was scheduled to depart at 6pm from NY change planes in Chicago with an hour layover time and land in Minneapolis by 9.30pm. Departing flight was listed "on time". 5.45 boarding still had not begun - asked the gate attendant when we would be boarding since I had a connector. He informed me that they were about to delay the flight indefinitely. After advice from customer service that my original flight is unlikely to take off in time for me to make any connection in Chicago I am rebooked on a flight scheduled to depart an hour later - 7pm. However this means I will miss my O'Hare connection so that is also rebooked to a 10pm CDT flight. 7pm flight boards on time. Around the time of boarding the originally-scheduled 6pm flight also starts the boarding process. Chaos at the 7pm flight's gate as multiple irate businessmen who had changed out of their 6pm first- class seats for a time-saving economy seat on the 7pm scramble to articulate their outrage and get rebooked on the now-departing earlier flight. At 7.10pm the 7pm flight is finally loaded - and completely full. It's sweltering hot and ripe with body odor and very very dimly lit. 7.20pm: still hot still smelly still dark. Flight attendants are trying their best to be accommodating. The plane finally acquires a couple of pilots 45 minutes after scheduled departure. At this point I am getting nervous that I may miss my re-booked connector as well in which case I will either have to overnight in Chicago or drive the 6.5 hours to St. Paul. The plane touches down in Chicago only a little bit late despite the delay in take-off. Stopped on the runway in the middle of taxi - stops for at least 20 minutes. Flight attendant makes an attempt to ask passengers to remain seated so those with tight connectors can deplane first. His plea is denied immediately by the scores of tired and angry people who flood the corridor before the plane has even reached the gate. Fighting through 35 rows of people I manage to deplane with 10 minutes to spare before boarding call for the connection. Arrive sweaty and out of breath at the gate just as my phone brings up a text from United: flight is delayed until 10.30 because the plane hasn't arrived. The gate attendant changes the sign to read 10.45 instead. Once 1035 hits she updates it once more - to 10.51. In short she assures there is no possible way I will arrive before midnight (CDT). I will never be taking United again.
Our trip from Quito Ecuador to Lincoln Nebraska was supposed to take 12 hours but included a four hour delay in Houston and a 9.5 hour delay in Denver. Weather was not the problem. United should have re-booked us when their mechanical failure and four hour delay was apparent in Houston. Ours was a 26 hour ordeal with many of those hours standing in line waiting for service and that was completely avoidable. What did they offer? A $7 food voucher.
SFO-CDG-SFO. Over the past couple of years I have had the opportunity to travel internationally on both United and several foreign carriers. United's First Class or Business First Class service and amenities are no better than those in economy on the foreign carriers. Outbound we didn't get drinks prior to take off as the flight attendants were spending way too much time chatting with the other passengers. The meals were satisfactory though I am getting a bit bored with the ice cream sundae. The inflight entertainment worked well though it would have been nice to have different choices on the return flight. The only thing United's front cabin had going for it was more comfortable seats than in the back of the plane however even that comes with a "but". On the 767 the pods next to the window have very limited room for your feet when in the flat position. The aisle seats do seem to have more room. I travel weekly for work so I will continue to fly United but if I were a leisure traveler without frequent flyer status I would choose another airline. (United treats it leisure passengers very poorly - they board last often have no bin space and are generally treated shabbily.) United barely lives up to its three star rating.
Flew from Los Angeles to London. All alcoholic drinks are charged. This is a first for me on an international flight that isn't a budget airline. The drinks service took twice as long as normal due to the charging process. Staff were clearly embarrassed by the policy and apologized for it. Will never fly United again.
I have flown this airline (on the way to Ukraine) twice in the past. This time I flew to Frankfurt Germany. Each time has been progressively worse. Every flight was delayed beginning with my flight out of Huntsville and on each connecting flight. One time they said it was some latch was broken or something to do with the luggage conveyor belt to load the suitcases into the airplane. Another time someone forgot to turn the AC on in the airplane and it was 90 degrees inside (it was a hot day). Each delay was at least an hour. The flight attendants were rude and quick tempered. They snapped at myself and other passengers I observed on more than one occasion. They seemed to always be in a rush and as I was sitting in an aisle seat I was rudely bumped into by one of them as they flew by. No apologies were made. Oh and the service was usually late and the food was of questionable quality as well. In short it was such a miserable experience it almost made my trip to Germany not worth it. The seats on the 747 were so jam packed together I always felt squashed into the neighboring passenger. Their computers were broken at the airport and so there was another half hour delay getting through customs was horrible enough on my return trip but dealing with United's mess was just reprehensible.
Sheer incompetence to deal with cancellations. First they do not communicate them. Secondly the staff are rude and never apologizes for the inconvenience caused. Thirdly they are unable to get you onto other flights in a timely manner. How is my experience? I haven't been able to start my trip yet. A 48 hour delay so far. Two trips to the airport. Two hours on the phone. And six hours waiting in line to get a new flight plus two more to get the luggage that had already been checked in. I am trying to go on a vacation of seven days that has already been reduced to five after having paid over $3000. I am a seasoned air traveler and have had many flights cancelled in my life. But I have never come across such incompetence and rudeness. Never again.
Travelled with United on 6 flights from 23/05/2014-08/06/2014 Heathrow to Las Vegas to Hawaii and back. On the 6 flights we were only fed two meals from Heathrow to Houston and Washington to Heathrow. We queried this with the customer services and were told in Washington that they do supply food on interior (domestic) flights shame we were not informed of this before we flew with them. We changed our flight from Newark New York when we arrived at Heathrow at the start of our holiday because they asked us if we would obviously New York was overbooked which resulted in us missing our connection to Las Vegas. They were unhelpful at Houston and put us on Standby. We thought the cabin crew were scruffy unhelpful and lazy. I asked for a small bottle of water to be told that they did not have enough so could not give me one. They did serve enough drinks on the flights so what were they doing. I will never fly with them again.
We took a business class flight from London Heathrow to Houston Bush round trip. On the flight to Houston the video screen at my seat my wife's seat and several other seats did not work at all. The flight crew tried to fix it but couldn't. They promised to have someone contact us for some credit. Never heard from them. On the return flight the seat would not recline the movies continuously skipped there was no music available and the food was awful. Flight crew tried to fix it. No luck. Flying BA from now on.
Very poor quality service. Lack of in seat entertainment on 5 hour flights even in Business class is simply unacceptable in this day and age. I was also refused access to a lounge on an international business class seat because my son in a wheelchair was flying economy on a school trip. Basic customer service would have seen the airline allow us to enter the lounge.
Why is it that United is the only airline that cancelled a flight from Denver to Omaha due to weather but all the other airlines going to and from Denver only delayed? Of course because we are having poor weather they can blame it on the weather which means as a customer we cannot recoup anything from them and we have to then wait until a pm flight when we are scheduled on the first flight out of OMA. I wonder how many times this airplane has been cancelled in the last couple of weeks it sounds as if this airlines has an issue with mechanical problems and only wants to bandaid the problem. I am all for a company making money but not at the expense of the customers who are paying their bills!
Flying EWR-NRT with Flight UA 79. Boeing 777. Punishing 14-hr flight in cramped seating condition. Everything about this plane is run down from seating to carpeting. Food is terrible and served in plastic tray covered with ripped aluminium foils. Breads are served out of bundles of plastic bags instead of bread baskets. What are we in jail? Ridiculous!
I recently flew in the first class section of a United Airlines 757 from Orlando to Dulles (about a 2 hour flight). The only things to like is that I arrived promptly on schedule and my seat was larger than a coach seat. Otherwise there is absolutely no reason to fly first class on United domestically. I asked for a blanket and was told after some time that "the supervisor said we don't stock blankets on flights from Florida". Then less than 1 minute later a different flight attendant brought a large clear plastic bag full of blankets onto the plane and put them into a closet in first class! I'd just left Disney World and the contrast of the Disney quality of service versus United's was stark. I began to wonder if the safety and evacuation training for United employees is better than their customer service training otherwise you better hope you never need them!
What a shame a wonderful Airline like Air New Zealand code shares with United Airlines. After a wonderful flight with Air New Zealand from Australia we then flew business with United within the United States. The 6 hour flight between New York and Los Angeles was a nightmare. From the small old plane to the noise from where the stewards were working( they couldn't help the noise as the work area is so small). Not to mention the very small unclean toilet. None of United earphones seem to work (I now know why most people on the flight had their own). The whole flight was a nightmare. I will never fly United again or recommend them.
Our connection in San Francisco got cancelled due to aircraft maintenance. This was in the very early morning so there were no additional flights available for 5+ hours. After some research of the flight number that got cancelled this flight had been cancelled 2 additional times in the previous 3 weeks. That's one cancellation per week for this one aircraft. After we made it from San Francisco to LA for our re-route the LA flight was delayed an hour due to late aircraft arrival. Once we boarded we waited on the plane for 1 hour after everyone was boarded and settled in. Pilot originally said it was due to weather and admitted it was due to "paper-work" before takeoff. Unbelievable. We landed 8 hours after the original time we were told. United uses primarily outdated planes with no on-demand in-flight entertainment. When they do offer their on-demand entertainment like Live DirecTV it costs money. Long flights (7+) could offer good personal TVs but that is rare. Wifi is unheard of my flight months ago was promised wifi but once boarded they claimed the original plane had to be switched so no wifi. Customer service is atrocious also. We were offered $7 each for food at the airport we had to wait at but that's it. I know a friend who had two flights cancelled in the same night due to airline problems. As a MileagePlus cardholder much more is expected. When we tried to get upgraded on our re-routed flights the guy said "Oh this is a mileage flight". This is the worst American airline aside from Spirit Airlines. Fly JetBlue or Virgin America if possible.
This has been the worst travel experience I have had. My original flight was cancelled I was not informed of this until I arrived at the airport. This should be standard protocol to notify passengers that the flight is cancelled. On top of that the customer service is atrocious. As I was reasonably upset and asking customer service to find me another flight she tells me that the next flight to my destination is boarding now but you cannot get on it. They put me on a connecting flight to Chicago 4 hours later. 4 hours later all Chicago flights were delayed another 2 hours. Meanwhile flights are boarding all around me. I strongly advise you to stay as far away as possible from United.
Leaving Newark yesterday the gate agent announced that "all overhead bin room was full" as boarding group 4 (out of 5) was beginning to board. They forced gate check of all carry-on bags for all the remaining passengers. On boarding there were tons of open overhead bins with room remaining including one right at my seat! Many people complained - the kind cabin steward explained that "sometimes they just start gate checking toward the end because the bins are usually full at that point". My bag was taken right outside the airplane door - the agent could have actually asked the first class cabin steward ten feet away if their walkie-talkies don't work. They added 30 minutes delay at the destination waiting for luggage unnecessarily for all those people? Why are advertising that we are allowed "one carry-on bag and one personal item" and flying planes that do not have enough space for them? On my last United flight they made me check my carry-on bag because it didn't easily slide into their sizer though it would have with a push and would easily fit overhead. United has adopted a new policy and attitude about baggage that is Draconian - they should be ashamed. I will not fly United even though they have the only non-stop flights to my most frequent destination.
Quebec City to Newark on a regional jet. When I checked in at the airport I was told the flight was delayed 2.5 hours due to Newark traffic problems. There is no Star Alliance lounge at the airport. Listening to podcasts on my computer I heard a boarding call after only a one hour delay. After boarding the plane the captain said he was expected a smooth flight. The fasten seatbelt sign was never turned off during the smooth flight which makes one wonder if they ever turn off the fasten seatbelt sign on this flight. Customs and Immigration were done in Newark unlike other Canadian airports.
My family and I flew United to Mexico for a wedding. We were scheduled to return to the United States on Monday 5/9/2014. Our scheduled flight was delayed 3.5 hours due to weather in Texas. This was understandable. The rest of this journey was not. In Mexico we were switched from our connecting flight due to the scheduled departure time. The flight we were switched to departed prior to our arrival at the Houston Airport. My family along with several others in our same situation then attempted to obtain another flight. The United personnel at the Houston Airport were very rude and not at all helpful. We spent over 16 hours in the airport with no blankets pillows or cots. I will never again fly United. The delays were one thing but the attitude of the employees was completely unacceptable.
F class KOA-LAX. A warm crew was the bright spot in an extremely inferior product. Small tray with all courses at the same time followed by a cookie in a paper bag. For a 5 hour flight this is ridiculous. Hawaii routes are served with the oldest run down aircraft. Leg room is adequate but entertainment option is pathetic. For first class Hawaiian is the only way to go. United is just sad.
The relatively short commute between Durango CO and Cleveland OH was the worst trip I have experienced. I have never had any trip since the inception of Denver International Airport that has gone without an aircraft maintenance problem. This recent trip held me hostage on a small aircraft and at the airport for 8 hours. I have never seen such an appalling record of mechanical breakdowns as I've seen with aircraft at Denver's airport. Both the departure and return trips were plagued with mechanical problems. The return trip was on board an aircraft meant for short duration flights of less than 1 hour and was used for a trip spanning over 3 hours. When we were supposed to circle the airport for a short period of time we had to divert to Cheyenne WY to refuel. The plane was too small to carry the necessary amount of fuel. As a result I missed my connection and waited 7 hours before taking off to my final destination. On the outbound trip we had to return to DIA due to a mechanical failure of an engine. We had already flown 45 minutes and instead of landing in an airport we were close to we had to fly back 45 minutes wait for another plane and take off in the middle of the night. We landed at 12.45 am. I have flown from different cities (Manhattan KS and Albuquerque NM) to Alaska three times and not once did I experience any problems with aircraft. The main difference was that none of these trips included United Airlines and Denver International Airport.
Washington Dulles to San Diego Intl Airport. Flight UA1512. October 25th 2013. The worst experience I have had with ground staff - unhelpful difficult to reach. Flight OK but I would not recommend this airline to anyone and I certainly will not fly UA again.
LHR-IAH-CUN-IAH-LHR. Flew United Airlines they upgraded me to Economy Plus for free due to my disability. I enjoyed my flight. Staff really helpful. Food was alright.
First flight was cancelled never got any notification that our flight was rescheduled for the following day. Got to the airport they representatives re re-routing the flights were not nice at all. I couldn't believe that there was no discount or free bag check offered. I will never fly united again worst customer service. We were suppose to be in Vegas by 3pm that day. We did not arrive until 3am the next day.
This was my first and hopefully last time on a US airline. The short 45 minute flight from Dubai to Doha was an ordeal. Draconian security for this flight only terrible old plane unkempt rude flight staff a 2 hour delay with no apologies. Some Americans might rate United Airlines highly maybe because they are used to the generally low quality of most if not all airlines in the United States but for someone used to the superior services of Qatar Emirates Etihad etc this proved to be a really bad experience.
LHR-EWR and back. You do get what you pay for with this airline but they really should do something to improve on the overall quality of their planes and service. The 757s look extremely dated now - once white plastic fascias now looking grey/brown. Curtain divider between Economy and Business a tatty net curtain that doesn't cover the width of the doorway. On both flights the toilet illumination signs were flickering constantly and added to the air of shabbyness. The only long haul airline I have flown in the last 5 years where in Economy you do not get any inflight entertainment system. All you get is films on a loop. I had to wait 20mins for the loop to start again. Flew LHR-SFO last October and on the EWR-LHR route this time the same film selection was playing as in October. Particularly galling as I paid a cheaper price for a trip to Thailand on Thai Airways last year and the IFE was excellent. Staff whilst pleasant are genuinely uninterested took 10 mins to answer my call to ask them to get my bag out of the overhead locker as the passengers either side of me were asleep. You have to pay for the alcoholic beverages - $7 for a 125ml bottle of red wine is an unbelievable rip off. The seat was the most uncomfortable seat I have sat in with the exception of Ryanair where you expect an uncomfortable ride. On the plus side there is an extremely good availability of economy plus seats and the legroom really is superb in these seats but this does not make up for the overall comfort of the seat. The price to upgrade to Economy plus is the same as paying for an extra legroom seat on Virgin Atlantic and is less than half as good.
Horrible experience. I made the mistake of booking United for the short 40 minute trip from Doha to Dubai (United has a daily Washington DC-Doha-Dubai flight). Security at Doha airport for this particular flight was exhausting with United staff fingerprinting passengers taking off shoes etc as if we were going to the US instead of just Dubai. The plane was a tired creaky old B-777. Flight attendants whose average age was nearly 60 were grumpy and rude. Only a stale bagel was served. Definitely one of the worst flight experiences I had ever to endure.
BOS and MCI and again from BOS to YYT. Overall a below average - average airline. Gate staff and flight attendants can be surly but occasionally a helpful and attentive one can be found. I generally will not fly United unless they are significantly cheaper or have markedly better connections/flight times than everyone else.
LAX to Quebec City Canada. May 22 and 28 2014: What a nightmare full of delays and lack of updated information so I a 77 year old grandmother had to run from one end of an airport to the other to catch a plane sat in airports for many wasted precious travel hours. The movies on board were horrible choices. I hope to never need to fly United again in my life. And I have done a LOT of traveling.
May 21 Denver to Los Angeles: The A320 was having mechanical problems which delayed departure by over an hour. Meantime a violent thunderstorm/tornado warning further delayed departure until we were 2.5 hours late leaving. Needless to say our connection to Hilo HI was way gone before we arrived. We were bumped from one customer service desk to another. The line at Gate 71 never moved for an hour. Children were tired and screaming while the customer service reps mumbled useless statements waited for phone returns and after an hour declared we had no hotel or meal compensation because DIA coded the departure as late due to "weather". If the plane had been ready at departure time there would have been no delay. The rude and helpless reception at Los Angeles resulted in several of us sleeping in the airport all night missing a full day of reserved vacation time a change in destination from Hilo to Kona a change in car rental arrangements and a long drive around the island instead of 30 miles as originally planned. The scene at the customer service desk was hellish and I was prepared to see any one of the passengers leap across the counter at the inept and uncaring mumbling representatives. I will never travel on United again.
June 3 EWR-SFO Economy on a new 737-900. We departed two hours late due to a storm and flight crew distributed water and was generally helpful and good humored. These planes offer standard economy seating not as comfortable as other planes United flies. Bathrooms are extremely tiny and cramped. As opposed to a wide variety of seatback entertainment on UA's 757s from JFK to California this new 737-900 offer no entertainment options at all a major disappointment on such a long flight. These planes may be perfect for a 1-2 hour trip but not for a transcontinental journey.
London LHR - Newark EWR. Boeing 757-200 quite old and it was visible everywhere as cabin looked shabby. Cabin crew ok but limited their service to distributing food collecting trays and that's it. Small portions paid alcoholic drinks torn inflight magazine. Nothing special there are much better options on this route.
Six hour delay from San Antonio to Houston. I could have driven there and back. The flight crew and gate staff were so rude! No recompense whatsoever. Not even an apology to the over two hundred passengers. My first time to fly with United and my last.
1st class UA 926 LHR-EWR in 3 cabin 767. Check in with Biz class pax long line. Indifferent contract staff were clueless regarding arrival facilities at EWR. Ditto for gate agents. Flight attendant told me to check with transfer desk at EWR after clearing customs. Transfer agent told me that there were no arrival facilities unless continuing on with UA. Huh at a UA hub for 1st class? I noticed that meal served in 1st was the same as in Biz albeit with better china. Altogether a thoroughly mediocre experience for a huge premium price. There are many better ways to cross the pond - especially those of us needing to freshen up for post arrival meetings.
ORD-AMS on a clapped out Boeing 767 which showed its age. The worst experience on this flight were the cabin crew. The most unfriendly lazy rude and uninterested crew I have ever flown with. Shouting at passengers to close the overhead lockers refusing to close these themselves. This is one of their safety duties! The service was slow no peanuts/snacks with the drinks. Dinner was awful cold by the time I was served and totally inadequate for a 7 hr flight. Beer/wine are for sale only and when I asked for a soft drink they offered water only! A second request for a soft drink was rudely refused. Inflight entertainment was terrible small screens and all channels started without any announcement so by the time you wanted to watch anything films were already running for 30 mins. I am a Star alliance Gold member and have flown more than most people but this flight was by far the worst I have ever experienced. No more United for me!
I booked a 5 day weekend from Thursday to Tuesday. My flight was cancelled while I was on my way to the Airport. I had to pay for a taxi to and from the airport and return the next day at 4am for a 6am flight. My original flight was a 2 hour direct flight from Newark to Atlanta but the rescheduled flight had a layover in Chicago. I arrived in Atlanta at 12pm. I could have leave with that but I could not believe that my return flight was cancelled and this time without a notice. I only found out because I couldn't print my boarding pass. I was rescheduled on a flight to LaGuardia and because the agent did not completed the booking I missed the flight and had to be put on another flight 3 hours later. I got to the airport at 5.45pm and did not take off until 10.53pm for a 2 hour flight. I am still waiting for an explanation for cancelling both flights.
May 17th from Toronto to Cancun with a connection in Houston. The plane had a mechanical problem half way to Houston and had to land in Memphis. More than 100 people were asked to stay at Memphis airport and wait for another plane to come. We waited for 7 hours from 1.30 to 8.30. The airport staff first said that the plane would come at 7.30 and later announced that it would be one hour late. All stores in Memphis airport closed around 6.30 and we were all starving. United did at least bring some food for us in this situation. We missed our connecting flight and had to call our hotel and pick-up shuttle to explain the situation. We eventually arrived at Houston around 11pm. There were only 2 people at Houston to help the customers arrange hotels and airport shuttles and they worked extremely inefficiently since they didn't seem to know what to do. In the end it took them 3 hours to get everyone arranged. Up to this point I am totally disappointed with United Airline. I'd rather pay a little more to get a better service. This is my first time flying with United and shall be the last.
Long story short they kept finding reasons to delay and cancel my flights and those of the people around me. It was chaos and passengers all around were complaining of their own horror stories with United. I spent the night in a Chicago airport (admittedly a large part of my nightmare was O'Hare airport) and no one who worked there for United seemed to care that I needed a flight out because they were so overwhelmed with the number of flights that were canceled and people that needed to be rebooked. They didn't give me a hotel room because the problem was due to "weather" but that was simply not true. They told us on the plane that we boarded that we needed to go back to the airport because the crew had overworked their permitted number of hours and they had no other crew to replace them with. I told them I would literally take any flight that would get me out of that city and the flight I did get was canceled within a few hours of booking it. I went back to customer service and I felt like I was a bother to them for simply needing a way out of there to avoid sleeping on their floors again. It was like it was normal for them to have upset customers and the people like me who didn't give them a hard time were more likely to messed about.
BOS-IAH. I was traveling with my family for holiday from BOS-LAX via IAH. My son is severely allergic to nuts and we always carry Epipen with us. We informed United customer service agent in advance about the allergy they made a note in system and advised us to inform the crew on board. When we informed about the allergy to crew on board flight 488 they told us they can't make announcement about nut allergy due to change in policy and could not able to help us. Finally some of the passengers around us helped to request everyone about the allergy. The second leg of Journey (Flight 1121) crew told us they will make a courtesy announcement. After take off they did announce in so low volume that no one really could hear anything. More than 3 million people in the United States report being allergic to peanuts tree nuts or both. I would like to warn those people in advance about the United Nut Policy.
All week long flying with our three year old we have preboarded the planes. Well upon boarding a flight that need I say arrived two hours late with United we were told to get in the back of the line with her as they have voided the children board first policy as of this weekend. He was rude about telling us and made it embarrassing as if we were doing something so wrong we were doing what we are used to doing not to mention we didn't just try to be the very first we actually got in line up 2 just because we weren't in any hurry to board. After all we all leave at the same time right? After waiting almost 4 hours at the airport with a toddler because of a delayed flight that's not how to really brighten someone's day and treat them. Maybe if you want to change a policy like that again and be butts about it at the gate be sure everyone is aware of your new stupid rule!
After having a confirmed reservation to Buenos Aires in first class for three months before the flight for which I used miles - I'm a million mile plus flyer - I was bumped from first class and sent back to row 30 (on a 767) because United had oversold the flight and other passengers had paid more money for their tickets (not used miles). The seats in economy are among the most uncomfortable I have ever experienced. The United staff - who were long time Continental employees - were very embarrassed and said it should never have happened. And of course it should not have. A deal should be a deal or the airline should warn people in advance that their accumulated miles which they tout as being very valuable are really not so valuable and can become worthless if the airline chooses. When I complained after the flight United's response was essentially "too bad".
This experience has been disgusting. I was flying from Newark NJ to London to grab a connecting flight to get to Dublin. The original flight was delayed 3 hours which wouldn't be so bad if someone would have properly advised us about the following connection. Due to the total lack of communication I proceeded to miss my connecting flight because United failed to give me the information I needed to make it on time. I will never fly with this airline again.
Flew out of SFO an hour and a half late. Got to Houston only to find out my flight to Huntsville had been cancelled. I go to the "customer service" desk to be put on another flight. The only one she says is available is the 4 o clock flight the next day but I can get on standby for the 10:30 am flight. I ask her if I'll get reimbursed for the hotel room I'll have to get. She says United doesn't reimburse for weather and then tells me I won't be able to find a hotel room because there is a conference in Houston and there are no hotel rooms available but I can sleep in the airport. She also complains to me that everyone is taking it out on them and it's not fair. I proceed to tell her it's also not fair that my flight was cancelled and that they won't reimburse me for a hotel room or food or taxi fare. When I went back through security I was told I was not able to re-enter the airport because my flight wasn't until the next day. I ended up finding a hotel room and thanks to my mom calling travelocity I got on the 1030am flight. I ended up cancelling my flight back to SFO on United and booked it with American.
I really was disappointed. Leaving Milwaukee no flight crew. One and a half hours late leaving stand in line for two hours to get connecting flight changed airplane waiting for me to board. This was leaving Milwaukee for Houston. Coming home leave Florida great. Get to Chicago no crew finally board plane wrong crew and asked us to get off the plane. Wait for right crew to get there held up in Milwaukee. Get on plane 1.5 hours late taxi back to terminal plane over heating. Get this fixed so we have no air conditioning in plane sweat and over heat to go to Milwaukee. What is the problem. Don't think I ever want to fly United again if this is the normal procedure.
Seattle-San Francisco/San Francisco-Sydney-Perth. The departure staff were some of the rudest uncooperative staff we have had to deal with. Having stood in "row 5" to board and submitting our boarding passes we were told our hand luggage had to be put in the hold as the overhead lockers were full. This was very unsatisfactory as we were ticketed through to Perth. There was no checking of legal size of cabin bags. We saw many oversize bags go aboard including a musical instrument case at least 4 foot long. People putting their second piece in overheads instead of at their feet. If this was policed there would have been room for all legal sized bags. As we are aged 75 and 77 we had medicine required to be taken on the 27 hour journey. After removing medicine we allowed bags to be placed in hold. As the plane was about to leave gate we realized our passports were in our hand luggage. On approaching the head stewardess and the captain and explaining we would be unable to leave USA until passports were returned. Only through the captains orders our hand luggage was unloaded and brought up to the cabin. Full marks to the captain he placed one bag in the cockpit and the head stewardess rearranged some other bags for the second one. This delayed departure by 15 minutes due to the incompetent staff at boarding gate not listening to where we were going. San Francisco to Sydney was poor service poor food no drinks unless you purchased them. Qantas flight Sydney to Perth only a 4 hour flight and free drinks with meal and the offer of second one .
Flew a 747-400 from Chicago to Hong Kong. The economy seats were horrible. They were extremely small. The seats were so bad I stood for over 5 hours during the flight.
Completely unreasonable and unwilling to help customers. Do not take United if you want any kind of decent customer service friendliness of staff or bearable trip. The woman behind the counter at check in seemed to feel a need to give me attitude for no apparent reason. Even at a small airport like in Ithaca NY United was unable to accommodate me.
Had to fly United as it was the only one flying in at out at the times I needed. Flight from DEN-YXE was delayed twice on the way out. Then flying from YXE-DEN we sat in a small hot plane sweating for over an 1.5 hours after landing because Customs wasn't open for business yet and we weren't allowed off the plane. It is a daily flight so they should know when customs opens? Transfer from DEN-EUG had no gate until 2 hours prior which changed 2 times missed the flight because the last change was 20 minutes prior. Next flight out was 10 hours later. Unless you are person that likes sitting in Airports for days and enjoys wasting time and money this airline is an extreme last resort!
Would never fly with United Airlines again we boarded the plane back from Florida to Newark to fly on to the UK to be greeted by miserable crew. This continued the whole of the flight. Anything asked of them seemed too much trouble food was awful and was practically thrown at us. Seating was so uncomfortable cramped together but the worst part was as we were coming into land at Newark the pilot overshot the runway had to pull back up very fast and circle to try again it all happened so fast - it was so scary but not one of the crew checked on any of us passengers one lady got up to be sick in the toilet - all we had was a female cabin crew shouting for her to get out of the toilet and sit down. A child around 9 yrs of age was beside himself but still no one came to check on us. We got down safely the second time after being told they were moving to another runway. But even after the plane got down safely not one of the crew came to see if anyone needed any help. The passengers are supposed to come first but in this instance none of us were. Wouldnt recommend this airline to anyone and will never fly with them again.
MKE-ORD-SFO and back. The first flight was delayed so we missed connection. Our connection was supposed to be a nice 777 but we missed it. Thankfully they said our flight was delayed because of maintenance problems so they gave a hotel and food vouchers. Slept at a nice hotel at ORD. Because of the low price for they tried to put us on a non direct fight for Washington and then to SFO. We finally got scheduled for a flight at 8:30. the airplane was okay. It was an old 757-200 with no entertainment systems or stuff. When we arrived at SFO it was midday and we still had time to explore the city.
San Diego to Moline via Chicago O'Hare. When we landed in Chicago I received a text message from United Airlines that our connecting flight was canceled. They rescheduled us for 14 hours later! We live 2 1/2 hours away so we rented a car and drove. Our reimbursement was 1/4 the cost didn't even cover the car rental. No other mode of transportation was offered neither was a compensation for food or hotel if we had chose to stay and wait the 14 hours. This apparently happens very often. No excuse but they don't have a problem stealing your money and not giving anything in return. This company should not be allowed to run their business this way. I will never book a flight with United Airlines again.
This was the worst travel experience I have had. I travel frequently for work and for leisure but this time I am unable to do either. I was scheduled to take off from LAX connect in ORD and then push on to ROC. Halfway through my first flight we were dropped down in Denver due to a closing at the ORD airport. They de-boarded re-boarded de-boarded re-boarded then de-boarded again. We were there for an excess of 4 hours standing in excessive lines awaiting information about connecting flights and possible re-bookings. It seemed like all the United agents were hiding! I was finally cleared to take off for Chicago and put on standby for 2 later flights to ROC. We were stalled on the runway at ORD and arrived at the gate very late. When I went to find my next flight it had been moved. No notification was sent to me but the agent ensured that it was boarding at another gate. I arrived at the new gate stood in line for 15 minutes to find out that all those flights were canceled. When I expressed my concern about missing work the next day I was barrated by the agent as he walked away from the desk and left me standing there without an answer. Thankfully I was automatically re booked for the next day but not given any accommodation. I stood in a customer service line for 2.5 hours to discuss accommodations with an agent. When I finally got to the front of the line I was told it was due to weather and I would not be accommodated. I told the agent that it wasn't weather that it was an excessively delayed flight that caused me to miss my connecting flights. He then handed me a bag of toiletries and suggested I find a hotel on my own and ushered me aside. By the time I walked away from the line it was 12:00 am and every hotel I called was booked. I am now sitting awaiting my flight to ROC and it too has been moved from gate to gate without proper notification. I was told to watch the monitors until my flight takes off. I also just found out that my flight will be delayed again. I now understand why United is suffering; their customer service is the worst I have ever encountered. I don't recommend ever flying with this company. Rates are reasonable but it is most certainly not worth the hassle.
United airline is a terrible airline for overseas travels. I flew Chicago to Frankfort. Crew were rude and unhelpful. Somebody was seating in my seat and crew didn't support me when I asked her to go back to her seat. I reserved a seat at the time of booking and they sold me the same seat for extra $100! In a 12 hr flight there is no free alcoholic beverage no socks toothbrush or toothpaste. I strongly recommend never fly with united especially for overseas.
I wish I would have read the reviews for United before letting the travel agency book me on one of their flights. Twice we took off from Denver and both times we were re-routed back. The only information we got was a two second message from the pilot that we were going back. We were completely on our own to find out what we were supposed to do. None of the United employees were at all helpful and are very disengaged at this airport and it seems like you are bothering them if you ask a question. After standing in the customer service line to re-book I was told no flights for two days. The customer service lady did seem to care and spent half an hour looking for alternatives. I heard all sorts of people complaining about this airline and our shuttle driver said she hears about them all the time.
Recently flew several long international flights with United from Chicago to Tokyo and back. For a 12 hour flight there was no inflight entertainment no seatback TV and they not charge money for drinks. I would argue that United is well below the average. The flight attendants do the bare minimum and nothing more. I will not fly on United again.
EWR-ZRH. Traveled with baby staff very inattentive and almost ignored our requests even as simple as asking for some water (to make baby food). When water was brought this was done with no empathy and not asking if there was something else they could do. Any question was first met by unfriendly looks. United's ground service at EWR was a catastrophe. There are electronic check-in counters about 20 with max. 3 staff to put the luggage onto the conveyor belt or to help if something can't be done through the user's interface the computer tells you to 'wait for staff to help you' we waited for more than 20 minutes.
It seems to have become the norm for United Express to not announce any delays until everyone is checked in. Then the announcements come every half hour increasing the wait time. Our flight from Halifax to Newark was to depart at 1.10 pm and eventually left after 5pm. Our return flight was to leave at 8.38 pm and left after midnight. Never ever again.
My husband and I recently returned from a trip using United Airlines. We arrived at our international destination 12 hours later than the original arrival time. Since that was mainly due to weather I can't blame United. On the way home though we had a terrible experience. Our final flight from Houston to Fayetteville was supposed to board at 6.45pm but they kept delaying it around every half hour until finally at midnight they canceled the flight entirely. There were no more flights going out that night and the next day's flights to our destination were completely booked. We were given vouchers for a hotel which we got to at 2.30am and vouchers for food for the next day at the airport. We had to book a flight to Tulsa where our family had to drive a long way to pick us up. This plane was also delayed for an hour for no apparent reason. Upon reaching Tulsa we discovered our luggage had been separated and my bag was sent to our original destination while my husband's stayed back in Houston airport. We had to drive to Fayetteville airport to pick up my bag. The next day we had to drive back to Fayetteville to pick up my husband's bag. Definitely the last time we will ever fly with United.
Flew to Chicago on Friday flight was delayed 6 hours. When it came time to return home I received an email that my flight was cancelled. I talked to a United rep she told me an identical flight was leaving at the same time as my cancelled flight so she would book me on that one. Turns out she misinformed me there was no such flight. I got to the airport found out she had booked me for a flight the following day so I had to rebook yet again. On my return flight the plane was delayed 2 hours. We all get on the plane and after taxi-ing for 45 minutes we received an announcement that we were going back to the gate. I had to spend the night in the airport. I will never fly United again.
My husband booked our flight out of Gulfport MS to Las Vegas. The price was good but we were not allowed enough time between connecting flights. My husband is in a wheelchair and I appreciate the skycaps who managed to get us to the connecting flights although it almost killed me at 65 to have to get through the airport with our luggage. The biggest mishap was that when we arrived in Los Angeles from Las Vegas we were told there was no room for our carry on luggage so it was checked. My husband's bag went to Hawaii. After many days of talking to people on the phone who obviously have a problem understanding English we finally got his bag delivered. Flying United was very stressful for me and I would be very hesitant to fly United again. I think they need to do a better job of informing their customers of what to expect.
Plane was supposed to take off at 1pm delayed to 3pm then finally to 7pm with no guarantee of no further delay. Now I am stuck in LAX waiting. All I got for the trouble caused by United Airline is a sorry from the representative and a $7 meal voucher - very good customer care indeed. Request to adjust seat told the plane is 100% full. Okay so I request to adjust seat in advance for my return flight now this is where it gets interesting: I was told by the desk representative that their "system" will not let her do so and was advised to use United Airline website to adjust seat myself the only problem is their website does not have the seat change option either. Overall I would not recommend anyone to take United Airline for their poor system setup and bad customer care.
EWR-IND think United is canceling more flights than they are operating. If not canceled flights are most of the time significantly delayed. Ground staff are unfriendly and not willing to help. This is not an experience just on this flight it seems to be always like that. Comfort and service in the aircraft is lousy. Will try not to go with United in the future.
Do not pay the extra cost for the comfort seats. That is the biggest scam that this airline has going. I have paid for comfort seats on KLM and WestJet and they were so worth it. This airline - expensive and the only thing you get is slightly more leg room. The same uncomfortable seat in all other ways. This airline has to have the worst service of all airlines in the G20 (sorry have not flown others). Terrible seats extra cost for luggage what food is available is awful and expensive and now you have to pay for inflight entertainment. On a recent flight to Hawaii at least they had the courtesy of telling us not to bother because the inflight entertainment did not work over the ocean anyway. I love to read but 6 hours straight is quite a reading marathon. I will pay extra costs for a flight rather than fly United.
As a seasoned traveler I am constantly reminded what a disgrace United Airlines is to the Star Alliance. I've just completed a Star Alliance Round The World Business First trip on Thai Lufthansa Air Canada Air New Zealand and unfortunately one sector on United. Despite being Gold Elite status and paying $US15000 each for the fare United refused me entry to their lounge in MCO at 0615h - when it was almost totally empty. They seated my wife and I in 3B and 5F for the six hour flight to SFO despite being booked on the one ticket and pre- allocated 1A and 1B four months earlier! Are the traveling American public so accepting of sub-standard?
Nothing but delays right from the start. We flew Vancouver to Chicago then to Ireland. Everyone had to check in themselves and weren't given seat numbers until boarding so no sitting next to your family. Staff weren't friendly. Flight was an hour late departing. No organization at all at the airport. Would not use them again.
My father and I had a reservation to fly from Boston to Sacramento. We had a connecting flight in Denver. Our flight leaving Boston was delayed 50 minutes our flight arrived in Denver at the exact time our connecting flight from Denver was leaving. United Airlines didn't hold the next plane just a few minutes and so 13 people on our plane missed the connecting flight. The next flight for Sacramento left the next morning so we went to customer service to have them reserve a hotel for us but they claimed that the error was not made by their airline and wouldn't pay for our hotel. Now we have to sit in an airport terminal all night. United Airlines is not a good airline and I won't be flying with them anymore.
Nightmare with United last week. I had a 1st class ticket Miami-Chicago on UA and Chicago-Zurich-Brussels on Swiss 3 flights on one ticket. Connecting time in Chicago 3 hours and 25 minutes. Checked-in in Miami for my UA flight and Y flight was delayed several times. Finally the plane landed. Ready for boarding and then technical failure was announced. Staff did not know if and when the plane would leave. I explained my situation and asked to be rebooked on another airline any airline in order to leave Miami since I was supposed to have a knee surgery upon my return in Brussels. UA staff refused and were not polite at all. Finally at 8pm announcement that our flight was cancelled. I had spent nearly 7 hours at that airport. I was granted a room at the Holiday Inn airport which was fine and then food vouchers at the same hotel. In total 21 USD for lunch/dinner/breakfast. One thing is for sure never again United. I was rebooked on the day after Miami/Newark/Brussels on the day after first class domestic business class long-haul. Ok but far from the Swiss service standards.
Outward journey on 30/3/2014 on flight UA 941 and inbound journey on 25/4/2014 on flight UA 17. We had a double cancellation of flights to and from LHR-EWR. Flight to LHR was cancelled but the reason remained unclear and the flight from EWR was cancelled after we were told there was a technical problem with the aircraft. Luckily they gave us hotel accommodation and taxi fares along with also breakfast and dinner vouchers. I would not recommend this airline to anyone. It caused lots of stress.
I really don't know how to express my dissatisfaction with United. I buy business class and get dumped into economy. No explanation nothing. Trite meaningless apologies are given. That's it. On my return trip the flight attendants were not very attentive in business. Once beverages were served at the beginning of the flight they disappear for the rest of the flight. The dinner meal for a 5.5 hour flight in business is a joke. A small plate of antipasto? That's an appetizer. The customer care program definitely needs improvement. Non responsive and when they do respond they ignore my complaint but do dwell on how great United is and they sincerely hope my next flight will be a good experience. United advertising is good unfortunately they only talk the talk. United has yet to learn how to walk the talk. United just frustrates me to no end.
Horrible service rude flight attendants check in process rude. The woman told us it was not her job to do the check-in for us when we had questions and the machine would not print or accept my credit card. We were left to our own devices and were just rudely told to hurry up as we were not the only customers there. Since we booked with Lufthansa and paid regular prices and not with a cheap aircraft carrier this behaviour was outrageous! After we finally got our prints (just flight confirmations not boarding cards) we were told we would get the boarding passes at the gate. After asking a couple of times we got our boarding passes just to be told during boarding our daughter could not be seated with us because we were sitting in an emergency exit and she had to sit 7 rows behind us. The cabin attendants were not very helpful and finally we got a nice couple to swap places with us.
April 27 2014 OKC to YYZ my connecting flight was in EWR. When I arrived at Newark I learned that my connecting flight was cancelled. The reason for cancellation - bad weather in Toronto. I asked the staff member to find me a different flight the best he could come up with was a flight for the next day! I explained that this was unacceptable. I then asked if I did accept the flight for the next day would I be given a hotel room for the night his response was no because if the flight is cancelled due to weather then the airline is not at fault and does not have to provide a room. To put the cherry on top he would not look for other flights except for the one for the next day. His suggestion was that I researched possible routes home and come speak to him later when I found another flight that was more acceptable to me. I was at a loss. I managed to acquire a flight home that same afternoon to Toronto on Air Canada. What I want to know is how is the weather in Toronto can be a problem for United airlines but not a problem for every other airline in North America. I fly several times a year I will never fly with United Airlines again.
I flew from BTV-EWR-DFW a few months ago and it was by far the worst experience. Outbound flight to EWR was delayed 1 hour 15 minutes. The connection in EWR was missed by about 3 minutes. The customer service agent was useless and also put the blame on myself for missing the connection. I waited about 5.5 hours in what has to have been the dingiest terminal in the US (Newark's C2 concourse) for the next flight to DFW which of course was delayed. Once boarded we sat at the gate for an additional 40 minutes without any communication from the crew. The pilot then informed us that "it appears the people refuelling this thing put more in the right wing than they did in the left". We waited yet another 20 minutes for him to come back and say "to add insult to injury it appears that the APU is broken and it wouldn't be a good idea to fly without it." An hour has passed since we boarded and we finally pushed back. The inflight service was sub-par and only one beverage service was offered during the 3.5 hour flight. Overall an appalling experience on an airline that used to be enjoyable. Also if you're not flying international or a hub to hub expect a regional jet or prop plane.
We flew out to San Francisco on Delta on April 27 2014 - a great flight even though we had a longer trip because of storms. The flight waited on us constantly during the long flight. On May 1 2014 we flew home on United 1278. The two stewards and one stewardess were terrible! Went up and down twice during our flight back to Atlanta. I was in a window seat and hey never spoke to me! The pilot did a good job - but did not speak loud enough.
MSY-EWR-LIS with an open-jaw return from LHR-EWR-MSY. I must confess I tempted fate here as I didn't want to leave New Orleans too early on a Sunday so I opted for the afternoon flight that would connect in Newark with the overnight flight to Lisbon. It was a short connection window (59 minutes) but I decided to risk it. Big mistake. Once we landed - wouldn't you know it - no available gate. So we waited an additional 40 minutes on the tarmac and then another 10 at the gate waiting for someone to operate the jetway to dock with the plane. I sprint off the plane and we were the last two people on the Lisbon flight. As it turns out that flight was delayed about 25 minutes. Our luggage wasn't so fortunate. When we initially inquired upon arrival in Lisbon they said it had been sent to Frankfurt and that it would be arriving on a TAP Air flight from Frankfurt at 3.25 that afternoon after which it would be delivered to us at our hotel. We left Lisbon the next morning and checked at the airport to see where our luggage was. No idea they said - the last reported location of the bags was Frankfurt. Off we flew to Paris - without luggage. Arriving at Paris-Orly (where there is no United presence) the only help we got was from a French ground services attendant who was nice enough and took our information as to where we were staying (in Normandy) but could offer little else. We spent the next 3 nights in Normandy with no luggage and no one attempted to contact us about it. Four days later finally someone from United got a hold of us and told us our luggage had arrived at London Heathrow. Since that was our final night of the trip we just opted to pick it up at the airport the next morning upon check-in and change at the airport lest we go through the hassle of yet another botched bag delivery. Only when we arrived at LHR we were told that our bags were already sent ahead to Newark on an earlier BA flight. So here we were - at the conclusion of an 8-day trip with no luggage. At least we'd be able to collect our bags once we arrived back home in New Orleans. Our bags never made it from Newark that evening. They'd come the next day they said. Finally at 2 in the afternoon almost nine days after I'd checked in the bag I was reunited with it. In one generation United has gone from industry standard to mediocre to absolute lowest common denominator.
Do not take United flight from Honolulu to Guam. The plane and configuration used is for domestic flights plus there is no inflight entertainment. I fly business first all the time with United. This flight was nearly 8 hours and it was like flying with a 3rd world airline. Food was terrible. An unbelievable experience for an airline that generally does very well.
Flight from Fort Lauderdale to St Johns with connecting flight in Newark. Left Fort Lauderdale late ran to connecting flight with less than 15 mins to spare flight ended up 4 hours delayed but was never updated online or any departure board. Connecting flight Eventually cancelled because of fog in Newfoundland all though other family members arrived home on Air Canada and Westjet without the fog being an issue. They did give us a toiletry bag to take back to hotel we paid for. No apology but was put on a 6 am flight following morning. Terrible service and flights with no entertainment or compensation.
My wife our 10 month old and myself flew from Columbus Ohio to Richmond VA with a stop in Cleveland. Our plane was late getting into Columbus which made us late for our connection in Cleveland. The next available flight wasn't until 8pm that evening giving us a 9 hour layover in Cleveland and causing us to miss the wedding rehearsal dinner we had planned on attending that evening. However when we reached our destination nearly 10hrs from our original arrival time we found that our luggage was lost. We received the same explanation from customer service while our bags flew from Cleveland to Charlotte to who knows where. On our last evening in Richmond a few short hrs from our next departure time and at 2am in the morning the doorbell rang and our luggage appeared for which I then had to pay another $25 to get it back on the plane for our return trip to Columbus. Just when things couldn't get any worse the ticket attendant at Richmond airport told me that my wife and infant's son were on the same ticket and my wife wouldn't need her own to get through security. We stopped and grabbed some coffee said goodbye to our in laws and stood in line to get through security. Once we reached the front of the line the TSA agent told my wife she needed to return to the ticket counter in order to get her own boarding pass. Unbelievable. So we returned to the ticket counter where the attendant who originally issued us our boarding passes proceeded to tell me it was my fault and my wife's name was not showing up on the reservation. Then mysteriously she found her name and printed the correct boarding pass. Once we got through security and to the gate the gate attendant made a snide comment about being the last one's on the plane and charged us another $25 to gate check our carry on bag-the same bag we carried on for free 3 days earlier. I realize United might have slightly cheaper airline tickets but please do yourself a favor and spend an extra few bucks to fly in peace with all of your luggage. In the end our lost bags cost us an extra 200-300 hundred dollars anyway and the service we received in Richmond was absolutely terrible.
LHR-EWR: sat on tarmac at LHR for 3 hours before being informed the flight was cancelled due to a maintenance issue. United tried to re-book us on a flight 24 hours later and only after considerable effort did they find us seats on a (half empty) BA departure. EWR-HR: Flight was overbooked so without asking us we were "upgraded" to Ec. Plus. The net result of which was I lost my aisle seat for a middle. I would have preferred to stay in Ec but was not consulted before being moved. The check-in staff at both LHR and EWR are easily the rudest I have ever come across. Also United don't have on-demand entertainment (someone please tell them its 2014 not 2004) and the seats are uncomfortable and narrow. Unless there is a massive price premium please take my advice and fly with a different airline.
I recently booked a flight to Denver from Kansas City trip cost was $376 avoiding other airports I wanted a one way flight to and fro. Price went to $925. Then while boarding the flight we have a prop plane. The seats were so narrow and of course no air-conditioning. The flight took an exceptionally long time back and forth from Kansas to Denver. I don't understand the United Airline Magazine says how their improving the flight for the customer. I think its time the execs take a flight cause your badly mistaken.
March flights. We were a party of 6 and it was the first time flying United. We flew from Toronto connecting in Chicago and ending up in New Orleans. First they were an hour late taking off. The pilot said they were contracting out the baggage handling so they were slowly putting one bag at a time on the conveyor. As a result we missed the connection in Chicago. Then 3 (or 4 - I lost count) gate changes and delays. The we boarded then de-boarded. They didn't want to assign seats for 3 of our party even though I had bought and paid for the flights 11 months before they over-book and weren't sure 3 of us would make the flight. Finally arrived in New Orleans 6 hours later than scheduled. Of course we weren't seated together. Return flight - one of our party didn't get a seat at all. Had to take a later flight and all that entails.
After a 20 min delay during the first part of our trip we arrived in Charlotte only to be told we had to race across the entirety of the airport in less that 15 mins (which would have been feasible if we had the full 35+ mins). We managed to reach the gate 6 mins prior to the 'last' boarding call but they had "closed the doors for an early departure" and refused to allow my wife and I onto the plane. They then directed us to go all the way back across the Airport to get lower quality and separate seats on a much later flight. They attempted no form of compensation or even an apology and acted as if it were our fault and that they were doing us a favor by 'allowing' us to get the terrible seats. The worst of it though is their claim to be both Military and Handicap friendly but they fail in both.
Plane looked extremely old and worn. Food was poor even by airline standards. Inflight entertainment consistent of overhead screens with 80's image quality. Can't remember when I last sat in a plane with such prehistoric inflight entertainment. The worst were the stewardesses. Not all of them. But some of them were really unfriendly. The highest level of service that one older grumpy stewardess could muster during a 10 hour flight was to tell me that I had been standing at the back of the plane for too long (I was reading a book standing up couldn't bear sitting in the seat anymore) and I needed to sit down. Probably the least service-centred flight I ever experienced. United Airlines is an airline that I will use in the future only when I can't afford the alternatives.
Flew from Okinawa Japan with final destination at D.C. Dulles (IAD) with stops at Narita (NRT)-Tokyo and Chicago O'Hare-ORD. Flight from Okinawa to Tokyo is always through ANA since United contracts them out to and from Tokyo to Okinawa. I then flew a 747 Economy Plus from NRT to ORD. Waste of money to upgrade to Economy Plus. A little more leg room and width but that is it. Food and drink service was the same (not much) so can't recommend this. No personal entertainment (was all on the big screen). Food was not good and seems to be deteriorating no longer do they give you any fruit or vegetables but just one course meal and that is it. I also noticed they now charge you for a beer or wine I think they just changed this as of January 2014? I paid an embarrassing $6 for a Heineken which I thought used to be included for Economy Plus? Service was just ok and nothing special. I then flew from ORD to IAD and again Economy Plus but waste of money. Seats felt tight and cramped and I noticed absolutely no under the seat room for bags or stretching out? Onboard departure was chaotic as people couldn't store their luggage in overhead bins.
Flight on April 22 2014 was delayed and then cancelled. After sitting and being told the takeoff was being delayed 3x they finally cancelled the flight. Announcing casually that it was cancelled and everyone needed to go to Customer Service. No warning. No "We are really sorry." No approaching the customer to help us out.
I've had an awful experience both times I've flown with United. The first time all my flights were over booked and delayed. (Two flights there and back due to connections.) They gave us very little information about why and were extremely pushy when finally getting us to board the plane. We spent a long time sitting in the plane after being boarded with no explanation before we finally took off. They offered compensation to take a later flight but I had already been delayed for 2+ hours! On the more recent flight the flight was overbooked and I was unable to get on. There were no other flights out of YYC to SEA and I ended up having to cancel my trip. They have not been helpful when I tried to contact them. They told me they were transferring me to International Customer Service but I was just disconnected! I would not recommend United. Avoid them if you can!
I can honestly say this was the worst trip I have had in 20 years. Seat allocation is by far the worst especially if you are travelling with children. Chances of getting seats together are slim. My 11 year old wasn't even allocated a seat regardless how many times we tried online prior to flying and we booked last June. After a lot of stress got a seat but not together. They over book all flights and offer people compensation if they take another flight. Or offer you an upgrade to get all seats together as they tried with us for an extra££80 each. As someone said to us on the flight was that they are only after money. As regards to check in at Heathrow. What a mess. All electronic to get boarding passes. It was like a bun fight. United make a big thing about there new systems and app but have forgotten the most important thing. The customer. Luggage. Make sure each bag is under weight. As they don't take into account overall weight. Tried to charge us £150 for 1 bag over by 2 lbs. We transferred it to a lighter bag. As I said before only interested in the money. They could learn a thing or too from EasyJet as regards to seating. The food was good is the only positive experience. I would never use again.
I am sitting in First EWR-LHR so can't complain too much but I'm shocked at how a global first customer is treated. First I had to argue with the gate agent at the entrance to the global first/global services lobby who said I was not allowed in. I pointed out that I was flying global first 3 times and then demanded that we ask the people inside who said I was of course welcome. After heading into the lounge which at EWR is only a United club not first I went to the gate which was chaotic. They called global services group 1 and I came in behind the one GS person in group 1. I was actually pulled out of line and held back because they said only global services. I asked about global first and group 1 which was being called and was promptly told first class is very different from global services. I know now why I usually just take Lufthansa and connect through Germany for their grace and ease. It is amply clear that we million miler 1k fliers just aren't worth much at united. Why bother being loyal.
I fly with United because it is one the few alternatives to fly directly to Bogota. They do not respect the seat assignments. On 2 occasions they changed without explanation even though I had paid for economy plus set they sent me to the back I had to really fight to get one in economy plus. On a 5 hour international flight they give you nothing just a drink. No entertainment.
I flew First Class on UA14 HNL-EWR. The plane was clean and the entertainment system was excellent. The food however was inedible. What they called "chicken cacciatore" was really a piece of cardboard. I have had better food in Coach on other airlines. Service on the flight was de minimus. The flight crew seemed only interested in finishing the pitiful dinner service as quickly as possible. Nobody flies for the food but United sets the bar for the worst food and catering in the industry. I thought Delta had poor food (which they do) but by comparison they look pretty good.
As a long time Continental customer and I really am trying to like United but they sure make it difficult. This is supposed to be an American company but they outsource customer service to India and Philippines with poor service to us customers. My flight from Narita to Newark Liberty was on a 777 that needs repairs and a good cleaning. My seat controls weren't working properly and the lavatories were dirty. Absolutely no amenities in the lavatories. I asked the flight staff for some soap and she gave me her own bacteria spray! For the cost of a business class ticket on this international flight you would think that United would provide what is standard on other airlines. The food was mediocre and no longer worthy of a business first pricing. All my other flights to Asia and around Asia were with Asiana and Bangkok Air. Amazing trips and outstanding service staff and amenities. Of the Star Alliance group United seems to be the only airline in the group charging outrageous prices and giving the customers barely basic services. I know all our USA airlines are the same lousy service but it sure does embarrass us with the rest of the world and I envy their far superior airlines. I took several 45 minute flights on Bangkok Air and would you believe they provided box breakfast/lunch with soft drink on each flight at no extra charge. And served and cleaned up over 100 passengers within the 45 minutes. It takes that long to get one drink sometimes with United.
Orange County-SFO Round Trip - April 2014. Be aware: paying extra for an Economy Plus gives you the privilege to board last (group 5). On a full plane it means that the overhead bins will be full when you embark and you will be deny boarding with your carry-ons. They will be checked at the gate of the aircraft. It happened to us on both legs of this trip even though our carry-ons were undersized and we had only one per person other than my wife's purse and my computer shoulder bag. But for our surcharge we had a free half glass of water served by stern attendants. What a bargain! Too bad Virgin America no longer flies out of SNA. I really miss them. Their service is light years ahead of United. And when you pay a premium for a Virgin seat you have real perks coming with it. Not bait and deceit.
Most excruciating flight I have endured was the 757 UA flight from Newark to Oslo on 5 April. The seats in economy were sadistically cramped. The aisle was so narrow that the crew could not move their carts without repeatedly banging and bumping into passenger seats. United's utter contempt for its customers and its crews is all too evident in its creation of such a tortuous experience. United has finally jumped the shark in the cheap cheesy penny-pinching department. I can choose to fly another airline and believe me I will.
This was our worst experience. United Airlines had already been the airline with the most customer complaints and proved to be true when we took a trip to Florida. On the way back our flight for 3pm had been delayed for 5pm and then was cancelled due to "maintenance issues." We took another flight for 8pm and again was delayed to 9.30pm. We asked the lady at the counter and she said that the cabin crew wasn't prepared for travel so they delayed the flight. They are disorganized and I will never be flying United again.
HNL to BKK. Aborted take off in HNL. Plane back to ramp sit inside plane for 5 hours. Problem could not be fixed mechanical. Flight cancelled. Told to disembark get out luggage at Arrivals and go to Departure area to rebook. This on a 747 with 350 plus people on it - all pulling their luggage about 1/2 mile to Departure area. Line up at departure area United to re-book - wait 7 hours to get to counter. Only 2 staff members to rebook the entire airplane. I was put on Delta the next day to NRT. Gave me $10 voucher for meals and over night free stay in Waikiki hotel. Cheapest meal at hotel was $18. Next AM Delta took off on time got me to TKO then transfer to United back to BKK. Never again with United!
I flew from DCA-EWR on Monday April 14. It was a mess United cancelled all of its flight out of DC without any reason. The weather was perfect my flight was suppose to be at 11.30am they cancelled it then I was put on the 4.30pm which was delayed and finally at 6.30pm they decided to cancel. They don't think of their passengers they don't respect their time this airline is really the worst airline I've ever flown. Would not recommend.
London Heathrow-Chicago O'Hare UA0929. Chicago O’Hare Intl-Denver UA1014 29th May 2013. Denver-Rapid City UA4914. Rapid City-Chicago O’Hare UA4414. Chicago O’Hare-London Heathrow UK. UA0938 23rd June 2013. I cannot understand United are not upping their care for its customers. We flew with United on our last holiday and quite honestly never again. We have flown to many places around the world and United without any doubt are the worst airline I have used. The cabin crew are lazy and somewhat rude doing as little as they can. They could not even ask for the window blinds to be raised when coming in to land at London Heathrow. They did a standard talk when we were on the plane (with a special welcome to our premium and military customers). So quite obviously the economy passengers do not matter remembering of course that it is economy passengers that are the bulk of their customers.
We flew from LAX to Dublin Ireland. I will never fly United again. The plane looked old it was also dirty. The drink service took forever! I realized it was because when you order a soda they don't give you a cup of ice and the can anymore. No. They now open a can a pour some into the cup for you and then use the same can for the next passenger. I've never had an airline do this. Very cheap. The worst part was the food. I am a vegetarian. When I booked the flight and went online to request a vegetarian option the only option I saw was Indian food. I highly dislike Indian food so I thought this was odd. I called customer service to inquire about other vegetarian options. They have no satisfactory options for vegetarians. I told her I would stick with the regular meal instead my plan was to eat the sides. When the meal service came around they brought me the Indian vegan plate! I told them that I did not request this and asked for a regular meal. They said they did not have enough and maybe once they served everyone if there was an extra I could have it. I didn't eat on the way to Ireland. On the way back I had to make sure to bring food for me to eat on the plane. Both flights to and from were delayed by 2+ hours.
I recently was on a United flight from DFW to ORD with my two small children (3 years and 10 months). After takeoff it became necessary for me to change my daughter's diaper. I pressed the flight attendant button and told the man that I needed to utilize the restroom with my daughter but since the lavatory was so small it was impossible to bring my 3 year old son with me. I asked if he could keep an eye on him just to ensure he stayed seated. I was told very tersely that this was not his job and he couldn't possibly do such a thing. I tried contacting United and got the following response "The flight attendants are not required to assist with these type of activities it is strictly up to the flight attendants." If you offer no assistance for people traveling alone with multiple children perhaps you should make your customers aware of your flight attendants utter uselessness before they board a plane assuming they will be treated as valued customers.
First time when we used united airlines international connecting flight in San Francisco we notice their system are very disorganised in their terminal no one to help and most staff are not helpful. On another experience coming back from LAX going back to Sydney the staff at check were the same - all unhelpful. All they did was stand and talk among themselves.
United Airlines was a disaster to travel through and not worth the amount of stress they cause all of their passengers. I was on a 7 hour flight and they had all movies and shows on repeat. The staff were very unhelpful. My flight ended up getting cancelled and I got re-routed to a much longer flight pattern. There were others I could have taken but United were SO unhelpful that I didn't find out until after the flight. The people there have no idea what they're doing. I was a day late for an important meeting. I received nothing in return for the inconvenience.
We were on the last leg of our trip at Denver Airport when out flight had been delayed 5 times. After the fifth time they changed out gate assignment and again the flight was delayed twice. After waiting until almost all other flights from the airport were gone for the night our flight was canceled. We were sent to customer service where things were even worse. Told we would have to stay in Denver until late the next day or even until 2 days from then. I was able to find flights the next day on many other airlines but they would not allow. We then decided to driver home from Denver Co to Madison WI (15 hours) with two young kids. The customer service lady gave us some vouchers for the food stores in the airport but the stores would not accept these vouchers. I will pay great amounts of money and drive hours to other airports to never use this airline again.
United overbooked my flight. They asked me to take a later flight to Hawaii when I refused they changed my flight anyway which gave me a five hour wait at the SF airport. They offered nothing for this inconvenience and acted as if they were doing me a favor. This was my first and last trip on United.
Very disappointed with my experience with United on Feb 2014. Had a first flight that was oversold we couldn't get on the plane. Had to be re-routed and got 3 flights instead of 2 originally scheduled to arrive at 9 pm instead of 4.30 pm to destination. We found out prior to our last flight that we had not been properly booked into the flight had to be changed to another flight again after an hour of waiting at the understaffed customer service desk. At destination now trying to confirm our seats for the return flight. It's been cancelled! We've tried to call customer service after a 20 minutes wait we're told that we need to be transferred to international flight dept. Another 20 minute wait. Another transfer. We ended up waiting 2hours. Very poor service.
I recently flew First Class on United # 15 from Newark to Honolulu. This is a 10+ hour non stop flight. The plane leaves at 9:20 am in the morning. The 767-400 was recently updated with the new sleeper seats. The plane was clean and very comfortable. The entertainment system was excellent. The crew were efficient and nice. The really surprising disappointment was the food. A breakfast was served shortly after take-off but after that there was nothing except some doughy concoction that was served an hour before landing. The paucity of food and food service was stunning. Most other airlines serve Mai Tais on flights to Hawaii but not on United. I might as well have been on a flight to Cleveland. My advice to people traveling on United is to bring your own food even in First Class!
I was a loyal and frequent Continental flyer for a number of years. All airlines have problems and cause the passengers problems. Continental was not an exception. However I was generally pleased with the aircraft (the newest of fleets) and with service. I recall having been delayed at AUS on a trip to LHR via IAH with my wife. We arrived at IAH with only 3 minutes to spare. We were met with a cart and our passports were checked and tickets issued as we sped along. All that ended with the UAL merger. I got caught in FRA with the merger mess on "the" day and since then it has been a series of canceled and long delayed flights with missed connections and very old and ragged aircraft. Most recently I tried to fly AUS to LAX on a CRJ in First. The attendant grabbed my suit coat and started stuffing it in an overhead bin. I objected as I was to go straight into a meeting. Seems the closet had been removed for an additional rows of seats. We were delayed for de-icing then for a malfunctioning APU. Finally at the 2+ hour point we returned to the gate and I deplaned making an AA flight in time. I suspect this is my last UAL attempt. Too unreliable.
Second time in 25 days connection return flight layover +3 hours plus delayed takeoff by 3 hours out of O'Hare. This time there wasn't even any weather issues. Also both trips had cancellations and overbooking. Why bother paying for poor service when I can actually drive home faster.
I just returned from a flight from Chicago (ORD) to Tampa (TPA) for spring break. I made a reservation that was non-stop both to Florida and returning home. I'm handicapped and was traveling with my 7 yr. old grandson. The flight to Florida was fine leaving and arriving on time. The flight home was a different story my flight home was cancelled during the night and I was booked on a flight that left 40 min. earlier with a layover in NJ. for 2 hr. then another plane which we had to sit on for 30 min and leaving late. I called and explained why I needed a non stop flight I was told the only non stop plane wasn't leaving until 3 days later. This meant instead of a less the 3 hr flight it was a 7.5 hrs. I was unable to get any help from management customer service.
London Heathrow to Newark to connect to Fort Lauderdale Florida. My trip to Newark was uneventful. It was after landing in Newark that everything went wrong. Starting with the long immigration lines that wound around and around. My connection was scheduled to depart at 1.17pm and I was still at immigration at 1.10 even after enquiring about help from a United representative who was standing talking to a fellow colleague. She told me to join the line and when I ask what happened if I missed my connection she just tersely answered they will rebook you and walked away. At baggage claim there was no sign of my bag I was told to catch the flight and look for my bag in Fort Lauderdale. I finally got seated without a welcome or assistance from the two attendants standing at the door. We sat on the tarmac for over 2 hours. In the meantime however the empty seats started filling up little by little and I began to wonder if they were not just awaiting a fill to capacity flight. Not offered anything to eat. They gave us tea coffee or water and that was it. Needless to say that when I go to Fort Lauderdale my checked baggage was not there and was told it had been left in Newark and would be arriving on the 11pm flight. As I am writing this my baggage has still not been delivered.
Narita Tokyo to Singapore Changi on March 28th. IFE did not work (and even if it did I would be stuck with according to what was in in-flight mag an old and poor quality selection) food awful and had to pay for wine on a transcontinental flight (a first for me). Whole flight experience a bit of a revelation for me as I am used to flying Asian and European carriers. It was a bit like flying a short-hop domestic flight in UK - nothing much really to keep you happy while you are stuck in your seat. Maybe UA treat international flights like their domestic US ones. Even the announcements were the worst I have come across. Purser who did not seem to be able to speak English and a captain who had obviously not been sent on any course about speaking to the public (lacklustre disjointed and very rare). Won't be booking anything with UA again.
Feb 2 from Newark to Punta Cana flight UA 1520 returned Feb 9 flight UA 1518. Traveled from Newark on March 21 flight UA 423 to Fort Myers. Returned on March 24 flight 1587. What a disappointment! It started at check-in at Newark airport they expect you to do everything and if you ask for help they make it seem they are doing you a huge favor. The seats are super tight have to pay for luggage food TV I'm surprised they don't charge to let you use the bathrooms! They make you feel like you are getting on a bus.
4 Sectors with United YVR-ORD ORD-BOS BOS IAH IAH-YVR. Very poor customer service on the ground and in the air. Greeted at the aircraft door by the usual icy scowl. A "good morning" from me totally ignored on all sectors. Officious cabin crew. A request for two drinks met by a terse response of "We do more than one drink service this is United!" Hugely oversized carry on bags allowed in the cabin. As a result the last few passengers to board are separated from their carry-ons and ordered to relinquish them even if they are of legal size. Purchased a roast beef sandwich on the 4.5 hour BOS-IAH leg it was tiny soggy and disgusting. On the 5 hour IAH-YVR sector departing at 2100 no hot items for purchase just snack boxes with cheese and crackers. I don't believe that United is any different to any other US airline these days. I can tolerate the ancillary charges the cramped seating the lack of food I understand that's what most of the budget conscience travelers demand these days. But simple manners courtesy and mutual respect cost nothing to provide and sadly they seem to be the most difficult qualities to find in any US airline.
If there is any alternative to flying United take it. The staff do their best but everything about the interface is far from traveler-friendly. First of all the food - and this is in first class - can only be somebody's idea of comedy. Murky chalky flavors and strange un-natural textures characterized every dish I was given. Also on one recent Newark - Los Angeles flight there was were no screens in the plane - no movies no TV. No wireless available and no plugs.
Denver to Midland scheduled departure time was supposed to be 2.15pm. The flight was delayed 3 times and all while the plane was sitting at the boarding gate. The airline employee spike very broken English. Said that anyone traveling with children needed to be checked due to weight restrictions. She then said that 6 people needed to give up their seats for luggage of other travelers or she would not let the last people that checked in on the flight. No one volunteered so she picked 6 people 2 of which were military personnel. Once on the plane people were told to move seats to even out weight since. We will never fly with this airline again.
The worst experience I have encountered when flying. Total disregard to their customers and employees. The poor people at the gate were just beat up to no end and it was not their fault. Flew out of Aspen Colorado which only has 6 gates and 2-3 planes to manage and they could not even accomplish this simple management. United changed my flight without even giving me the courtesy of an e-mail or phone call to check to see if this arrangement was ok. It wasn't even a change in a flight on the same day but they changed the day I was flying out changed from one layover to two layovers changed the total flight time and did not even offer an apology for this inconvenience. In the future the only way I will ever fly United again is if there was no other airline going to this location. A horrible experience.
I am on a flight to LAX from SFO already delayed by 45 mins waiting for flight crew to arrive. This had already given me a pretty good idea of customer service the flight's staff has to offer but that got solidified when I asked for 2 cups of water from one flight attendant and she told me - 'why don't you finish one first?'. She eventually got me another cup.
First international flight from MCO to HKG was great. Very smooth. Crew very helpful. Being on a 15+ hr flight hydration is important. All I had to do was take my water bottle to the back and the crew happily refilled it for me multiple times. They even came around with trays of cups with water every so often. Second flight back (HKG to MCO) was a disaster. First flight from HKG to Newark was delayed 2 hours. Not a big deal we still had time to make our connecting flight. However the plane was further delayed by another 1.5 hrs after we were already on it. The crew were extremely rude. After 6 hours of no water my husband asked if we could refill my water bottle same as the first flight but this time they looked at him like he was crazy and said they were about to bring the drink cart around so to just wait for that. By the time we finally touched down in Newark we missed our connecting flight so had to be put on one 4 hours later. Again that flight from Newark to MCO was delayed. Instead of leaving at 9pm as scheduled we took off from the runway at 11pm after waiting 2 hours on the plane. One of the bathrooms was not functioning properly. They made an announcement that they weren't going to fix the bathroom but had to fill out paperwork anyway so we'd be off the ground as soon as paperwork was finished. Next thing we know a guy is coming down the aisle and starts fixing the bathroom. Then we had to wait for him to fix it before we took off. In the meantime they let 5 more people on the flight so they had to play the safety video a second time before we could take off. Thankfully we had no problem getting our luggage. The movie selection available was also decent. Food was okay for the first two meals and the third was disgusting.
UA 861 from Washington to Rio de Janeiro scheduled to depart at 9.30pm. The flight was delayed first and then after making me wait for 5 hours the flight was finally cancelled due to mechanical problems at 3am. I got re- booked on the flight for the next day at the same time was given a night at hotel and $14 voucher for the meal for the whole day. The next day I found out that my connection to Sao Paulo to Rio no longer existed so was booked on a later flight with a regional airline. Basically what should've taken me 14 hours took me 48 hours. Furthermore my luggage arrived 2 days afterwards after several phone calls and different answers from United agents. The food served on the plane was inedible. Worst air travel experience. The seat was so crammed for a 9+ hour flight I had to buy premium economy on my way back so that my knees won't hurt.
Absolutely the worst flight. Both trips were delayed for aircraft mechanical issues. 3 hrs on the way there 4 hrs on the way back. I've never really liked United but we still fly because we were avid Continental flyers for years. I will make it a personal goal to avoid United as an airline for any future flights I have. The price was ridiculous and the service and crew were mediocre at best. I thought United had newer aircraft fleet. Then why are two flights delayed because of mechanical issues? I would never recommend flying United.
Milwaukee to Los Angeles March 16 2014 returned March 19 2014. Flight 5165. Flight 1273 missed this flight due to the above one being late next flight UA729. Return flight 1498 delayed and missed connecting flight 5438 rebooked to flight UA5425. Late flights and rude service. My flight leaving was late and missed connecting flight. On the return home my flight leaving and connecting flights were late. Flight attendant stands in aisle talking while we try to get off plane to make connecting flights. Captain had asked everyone to be seated unless you have a connecting flight.
I booked a return trip to Las Vegas via Dublin. On the return trip the seat in front of me was an emergency exit. The seat itself appeared to be broken when the passenger in this seat put the seat in the rest position the seat reclined back so far that the space left to me was extremely confined. When I asked the cabin crew if I was obliged to have this person sitting "on top" of me she stated he was allowed to put his seat back. As a result I sat for 6 hours approx with no reasonable space in front of me. I got no food as there was no room to let down my food tray.
Both coming from and going to our destination the check in staff were very rude and difficult to work with. We've always been around 50 pounds for our checked bags sometimes a little over sometimes less and most airlines don't care as long as you're close enough. Not United - it's 50 lbs exactly or they won't take your bags. Their check in staff are normally pretty unhappy and rude. What makes it even more ridiculous is most people just shift the weight to their carry-ons - meaning the airplane is still carrying the exact same amount of weight.
I recently flew from SFO to Cancun and back. First off I had to pay for poor entertainment offered inflight when other airlines offer better entertainment for free. I mean I paid for movies that I can't even pause when I use the restroom (ridiculous). Secondly no food was served for this long flight. Even some chips or light snacks would have helped. Thirdly the seats were meh I have had better seats. It is a forgettable experience except for the bad parts like the entertainment system. If given the chance I will not fly United again.
UA 468 SFO-PHX First Class. UA 1265 PHX-EWR First class. Typical domestic UA first which is nothing more than a bigger seat and free food. Ordered SW Chicken salad but got tasty beef with noodle instead. First class fare is not reasonable. If purchased separately way too expensive for what you get.
March 12th 2014 flight UA200 was okay but we landed in Houston an hour late and were told our connecting flight UA5189 was cancelled. We were at Terminal B and at this point the service provided by United Airline Airport staff was very poor. Instead of providing us with a direct flight to Toronto we were put on 2 connecting flights these were delayed repeatedly until they were cancelled. We finally asked after waiting for 2 hours if there were any other flights to get home. We were put on an Air Canada flight to Toronto leaving at 2pm but told to go to terminal D to secure our seats and boarding passes but then were told to go to another Terminal and eventually found out this flight was leaving on March 13th a day later not 2pm on March 12th. Finally we went to counter 1 where a staff member helped fly us back to Toronto. We unfortunately had a 2nd overnight flight and although we left Honolulu on March 11th at 7pm we only landed into Toronto 6.45am Thur March 14th. The only saving grace was Air Canada offered free movies. We flew UA1715 and UA219 March 4 2014. Very long uncomfortable flight-no entertainment unless you paid. Very poor experience.
March 8th 2014 myself and 6 family members and friends were scheduled to fly at 3.15pm from Punta Cana to Newark. Of course the usual 45 minute delay in boarding was to be expected but by the time we got onto the tarmac and boarded the plane there was additional 2 hour delay. Finally by 9pm 6 hours after we were supposed to depart we were told the flight was canceled and would be rebooked the following day on flight 1762 at 2.20pm. Back through customs back to pickup up our luggage and then most of the passengers went onto a bus to a hotel to be returned the next day where the process was started again. 2 more hours to repeat check-in of luggage security and immigration. To add insult to injury United canceled another scheduled flight on Sunday and stranded 200 other customers so we could fly out. Boarding in the 90-degree heat they revealed to us that there were new mechanical problems with the replacement plane. They delivered us back to the terminal where we sat like cattle again without any information at all. This was by far the worst travel experience I have had in 40 years of traveling. United airlines gave only an empty apology by text message on our arrival in Newark referring us to a website to claim a minor token gift which could never compensate us for disastrously poor customer service. The 2 lost luggage bags that arrived 24 hours after we arrived in Punta Cana the week before seemed almost trivial in comparison. What a shame!
YQB-ORD on 13 March. One reason for such low rankings is that I never actually ended up on a UA plane. Scheduled to fly out on the non-stop from Quebec City to O'Hare at 8am. The day before UA emails me that the flight is cancelled and they put me on a flight at 11.50am via EWR. Nope - not on United. Online showed the plane from EWR on-time into YQB but it never landed. Around 11.30 am the departure board shows a 3 hour delay for departure. There is not a single UA rep at the gate - and no one ever shows up to tell people what is going on. The pilots and flight attendant who are to work the trip to EWR didn't have any idea and were embarrassed that one heard it was a mechanical problem while the other heard it was weather. Every other airline into YQB was operating on-time or with 10-15 min delays due to snow in Quebec - all but United. I spent over an hour on the phone with my corporate travel trying to get on another flight - the first United agent wouldn't help my travel agent so she called back and got someone else willing to help. I ended up on Air Canada to YUL and then to ORD. Air Canada was fantastic! United - what is wrong with you? I never say never but unless it is mandated I fly on UA I won't do it. I was Platinum with them last year and Gold this year but I'll stick with American or Air Canada.
UA5713 New York City NY - New York-LaGuardia (LGA) to Washington DC - Washington-Dulles (IAD) on 3/13/14. The new round of checks on size of carry on is being handled in a way that has convinced me that I should never fly United again. While my bag was not over the size the agents take joy in making you size it and have the "got you" attitude. I am convinced the lack of space in carry on bins will no longer be a problem because any business traveler or preferred customer will have enough sense to fly with another airline. It is amazing how far United will go to alienate it's good customers.
On return flight to Denver plane waits for 15 minutes at DIA as ground crew is on break and between shifts even though docking space is open and available for our plane. The one checked bag I had on a direct flight from Calgary did not make the plane even though I arrived for check in at Calgary in plenty of time. As this was a small United plane it was oversold. With so many carry ons checked in below I and multiple other passengers had their luggage shifted to another plane. After waiting at the baggage carousel for 30 plus minutes all 3 lost baggage claim stations at DIA were unattended on a Sunday afternoon for over 30 minutes. When staff finally sashayed out the baggage reps stood for several minutes behind their computers talking to no one. The last 6 United flights in the past year that I and my family have taken have all resulted in some form of delays lost luggage or rude staff. I did not receive my luggage until 50 hours after my flight landed.
Travelled to Mexico with a family of 5. United changed our flight to Mexico at the last minute causing our arrival to be over an hour later almost negating our travel to our resort. The morning of our return I received email confirmation indicating that our connecting flight from Newark to Syracuse was cancelled. During several hours of trying to reach them and receive a new flight to get home we were finally told that we would have to stay in Newark until the next available flight. Our flight from Cancun to Newark we wanted the inflight entertainment and wanted to pay for 3 screens. Between the armrest functions not working or the unit not recognizing cards we were only able to get one screen to work. My seat was actually broken and kept reclining back on its own. When we arrived in Newark on Wed March 12 2014 we were advised that we would be able to come to that airport to standby over the next few days in order to get one or two out at a time. We are a family of 5 with two daughters. We then were told that we could fly out on the 17th of March 5 nights later at our own expense. The cancellation 13 hours before was apparently for weather but when we landed the weather was a little bit of rain. We ended up renting a vehicle one way to Syracuse from National and a 4 hour drive later we were in Syracuse. I have flown United before without issue and were extremely disappointed with the airline on this trip. I will not be flying United next vacation that is for sure.
I flew to Nashville via a connection in Houston. The first flight a 60 seater was overbooked by 7! The gate agent was totally overwhelmed. When I said I might "volunteer" to give up my seat she asked what the code for Nashville is. Agent came on and off the plane a dozen times before we finally left 15 minutes late. Return flight from Nashville to Houston was cancelled and the robot computer rebooked my for 5.40am the next morning. All flights on original travel date were overbooked. Got to Nashville Airport and half of UA's Expressjet flights were cancelled or delayed. Every gate had the wrong flight posted and they reshuffled right before departure. Aircraft taxied for 15 minutes then sat on the runway for 20 minutes. Not one word from the cockpit. Upon arrival in Houston we sat for 10 minutes until someone showed up to pull up the boarding bridge.
We had a connecting flight from Chicago to Montreal at 7.30pm and boarding time was at 7.00pm. Got to the airport 2 hours before our flight and decided to get a bite to eat in the terminal but first we checked the screens and our flight was on time. Left the restaurant 30 mins before boarding when we go to the flight screens we had seen that it said cancelled we did not understand why? Told that the crew had not shown up and that there were no other flights available meaning we were stuck in Chicago until the next morning. 5am wake up to catch the new flight they had scheduled us on. Got to the agent at our gate and saw the agents panicking told it would take 30 minutes to get the problem sorted. To top it off my father booked a first class seat the plane did not have a first class so he asked for an exit row seat however they wanted to charge him almost 40$ when he had already had a first class seat to begin with.
Booked a flight in December 2013 for a trip to Palm Springs in March 2014 - at that time had seat assignment - little did I know that booking in advance does not guarantee you a seat on the flight - they over booked the flight and I was bumped off my 7 am flight and spent 15 hours in San Fran airport compliments of United Airlines. Waited all day to get on a standby flight (7 that went through that day all over booked) - would have been bumped from the 11 pm flight they rescheduled me on (after bumping me in the am) had I not checked to make sure I was "guaranteed" on the flight. Make sure that when you check in your ticket has a seat assignment - if it says "see agent" make sure you go early and hopefully get it taken care off - What a terrible disregard for peoples time from United. Feel bad for the ticket agents who I watched all day get yelled at by others who were bumped unwillingly!
Possibly the worst airline to fly internationally. Such a shame compared to other European and Asian airlines. Traveled on the ORD-MUN. Flight was delayed due to leakage in cargo. Apparently they found it after every one boarded the plane. Planes are ageing. Entertainment system kept rebooting automatically. Each reboot taking 5 minutes. Service was pathetic. FA's never tried to help. Beverage rounds were few and in between. Overall has been a very bad experience whenever I have flown United. Avoid it like plague.
I am forced to fly by United Airlines from were I live because they are the only airline at my local airport. I haven't flown them on an international flight since the late 90's. It was a bad experience then my latest trip was even worse. If you're looking for bad seats bad meals people who hate their jobs then this is your airline. They charged me an extra fee of $100 (USD) for my extra check in bag. I had to pay high prices for any drinks with alcohol on an International flight. They flew us home (9 hour transpacific flight from Tokyo) with a fixed cabin TV screen. No power outlet for electronics and flight attendants that made you afraid to ask for a drink of water.
I had the worst experience with this airline. I frequently fly between Hartford and Columbus. All flights out of Columbus and Hartford have a very poor on-time percentage around 40%. My return flight had been boarded with a broken air plane which led to everyone de-boarding and boarding a second plane. In return many people on the plane missed their connecting flights from the delay and had to be rebooked and stay at a hotel overnight including myself. My morning flight the next day had a delay that cost be a full business day at work. This is just one of many times I have had trouble with this airline I will not be flying again.
Returning to Michigan from Waikiki we got to Chicago where we found out that the plane to Detroit was cancelled. When we went to the service desk they acted like they did not care told that we could be put on stand by until the next open flight in 3 days had a seat. Their customer service was rude and uncaring. Luckily our travel agent called American Airlines and got us a flight in one hour.
Flew United SYD-SFO in Economy Plus. Paid $200 for exit row seat so unlimited legroom. Staff business like but not rude. Soft drinks offered soon after takeoff. Dinner was basic but that was actually welcome - steamed chicken 4 slightly shrivelled chips veg tiny Apple pie drinks offered again. Water was offered twice during overnight and a midnight ham roll and Tim Tam for those awake. Breakfast was omelette and barely recognisable sausage. IFE was shared screens but I used iPad. Overall not as unpleasant as I had feared.
Flight from Midland to Salt Lake City was great. Both planes were small but that was fine. The crew were great and the reason I purchased the tickets was because it was the fastest flight. The layover was short and it was easy to find my next gate. We left and arrived on time. On my way back however totally different! I had a 6.20 flight and arrived at the airport at 4.30. The line for United Airlines was so long it extended the length of the terminal and out of the door. I stood in line for 1 hour and 20 minutes! No information given and the line did not move very quickly at all. Finally at 6 am a woman working for United started walking down the line asking if anyone was going on the 6.20 flight to IAH. Over 30 people left the line to stand in yet another line for an additional 10 minutes. No explanation was offered no apologies given. We were rushed through first class passenger line of security and I boarded the plane at 6:15 am. The plane was half full because everyone was still waiting in line. Our flight left at 6.45 because we had to wait on all the other passengers. The pilot did his best to make up time in the air and I made in time to make my connecting flight. I still have no idea what happened in SLC it seemed to me like a lot of laziness and poor customer service.
It has taken me in excess of an hour to resolve what should be a simple matter on the phone with their customer service flights are always late (which I understand is not always the airline's fault but most of my late flights result from insufficient crew which they can do something about). The coach cabin is a mess and even first class which I usually take is sub par. Last time I flew first class they gave me a hard time when I asked for milk for my toddler children! Not to mention that they ran out of food. I already had low expectations for them but I did not expect to bring my own food to first class. Avoid at all costs.
NRT-BKK. Uneventful trip on a route about to be abandoned by United. Surprising considering the 747 was packed to the brim. Boarding was chaotic and those of us in business class had no idea where to line up to board. Nice hard product but uninspiring service and meal. Overworked flight attendant working business class in the dome got the job done though. Pilot had Channel 9 (air traffic control) activated which is one of the nice features that only United can claim. The RCC lounge at NRT has much to be desired - hands down had the worst cappuccino in my life there.
Flew from Newark to Denver where United decided without any form of communication to hold 2 of our bags to arrive with the next flight to Denver 3 hours later. After arriving in Denver we waited at the baggage carousel for nearly an hour until we were fully convinced 2 of our bags did not make the flight. Throughout the night we tried calling different customer service numbers of United and could not get a straightforward answer. 20 hours later our bags reached us. On our flight back from Denver to Newark the entire flight was boarded seat belts fastened welcomed by the pilot until another announcement from the pilot came on and I quote "there is a small problem. Should be a quick fix that will take best case 30 minutes". 10 minutes later we are told to deboard the plane because this "quick fix problem" has caused the plane to be completely out of service. As we all deboard our entire flight is told to go to one customer service desk with 4 representatives. Nearly an hour later we finally get up to the representatives and all I hear is a potential flight to Houston reboard the out-of-commission plane at 3.30 or wait until tomorrow. Save yourselves the trouble and aggravation and never fly United Airlines!
Traveling out of New Orleans Louis Armstrong airport for business around 2 pm on 3/5/14. Baggage check was totally disorganized. I was directed to a kiosk by one of the agents then waited 15 minutes after I had checked the bag electronically for someone to come and tag it. When an agent showed up to tag the bag they were clearly not in a hurry. Then my flight was delayed. Maybe there's no rush at check in because United flights are late so often.
Washington to San Diego and San Francisco to Washington. Old planes not enough overhead storage for the amount of cabin luggage they allow people to lug in. One stewardess had a shouting discussion about the oncoming superbowl from the front of the plane to row 39. No free food on a 5 hour flight no drinks except water and fruit juices of doubtful quality. Online entertainment is a joke! Never again!
I used to like flying United but the last couple of trips have really make me think about other airlines. I had to fly to Honolulu in January to take care of my mom for 2 weeks. They canceled my departing flight. My flight from Houston was delayed 2 hours and there was no personal TV on the flight. Flying home it was the same. I had to return to Honolulu in Feb. The flight to and from had no personal TV. I am not a savy personal and do not have I- pads or any personal electronics (and there were many other people like me on the plane) so using Wi-Fi did us no good. Sitting on the plan for 8 hrs plus with no entertainment really did not go over well.
May 27 through June 10 2014. The customer service for this airline really needs to be greatly improved. I book my flights in advance so I can have what I want and schedule what I am doing when I get there. So to have my flights canceled and rebooked for a flight that doesn't even come close to when my connecting flight leaves the airport is a bit stupid. Now I have to have a longer flight just to get where I want to go by flying in the opposite direction of where I want to go. To top it all off I wasn't even notified of the change. Now I have to change my plans so I can accommodate the airlines wishes. Next time I think I will book with another company that I have had no problems with.
I've been a United 1K member for 2 years 7 year Platinum member on Continental prior to the merger of the two airlines. I fly over 100k miles a year on business and used to enjoy flying however over the past 3 years United has been a nightmare to fly and do business with! Loyalty means nothing customer service is non-existent and upgrades uncommon. Schedules are terrible with multiple connections expensive tickets and they're flying more and more excruciatingly uncomfortable regional planes! Been flying a different airline starting this year since they offered elite status for flying a few thousand miles during a certain timeline so far so good!
Hong Kong to Newark on March 1. Flight crew was tired and cranky with bad attitudes across the board. One in- flight announcement was literally a snide "buckle your seat belt it's bumpy". Where other airlines turn a galley into a quasi-lounge area during such a long flight (15 hours) we were told there was to be no loitering around the galley or toilet areas. I will avoid this airline as much as possible in future. The only positives were the entertainment system and that the flight was on time.
My wife and a friend were flying to San Francisco last night and their flight was delayed from 8pm to 9.30pm. When they were finally on board they found that no meals of any kind were available on the 5 hour flight to the destination. My wife was only able to get two small glasses of water and a glass of tomato juice. If this is a sample of the way that United Airlines treats it's passengers these days we won't be booking any travel with them in the future.
United cancelled our flight to Florida about 16 hours prior to our trip. You would think that with 16 hours to work with they could find a way to get a plane to the city I live in. Our travel agent had to scramble to make alternate arrangements with another airline. Now we are going to have to spend over twelve hours travelling and stop at one more airport. I am very angry with United's lack of compassion with our dilemma and diligence at arranging alternate flights to get us to our destination. I will never book with United Airlines again!
EWR to AUA round trip business class. The flights were the flights from hell. The crew was unpleasant. The plane was very old and should have been retired long ago. The food if you want to call it that was awful to say the least. I'm easy going and I couldn't find anything positive to say. Save your money and never go UA business class.
Traveled to Denver from Rochester NY on United twice in the past month. Every plane had a mechanical problem resulting in having to re-book multiple flights because of missed connections. In January I sat on the Tarmac for 3 hours in Rochester because someone had forgotten to drain the water out and it took that long to de-ice. On my return flight from Denver I had to be re-booked 3 times due to mechanical issues and sat in the airport for 8 hours. The only reason I finally got out was because a connecting flight from Idaho landed too late and they refused to hold the plane. In my most recent flight out of Rochester in February the altimeter was broken and we waited 6 hours for parts to be flown in from Atlanta. Oh and - I had paid extra for aisle seats in Economy Plus and ended up in the middle seat in the back of the plane. Now I have to contact Customer Service as no one in the Service Center in the Denver Airport is authorized to do so. I am dreading the return flight home. I will be flying on other carriers from now on.
Just arrived at my hotel after a horrendous 24-hour trip from Montreal to Honolulu. The missed connection and re- routing through LAX was bad enough but I guess winter weather is a reality. What is not acceptable is this new DirecTV-United deal for in-flight "entertainment". Now in addition to having to pay extra for a poor sandwich wrap they've got the gall to make you cough up extra to watch a movie. I object to paying for what is standard on other airlines. They take your money $1000-2000 and then expect you to pay for a movie - or even a flight map. Of course they'll say it's only $6-8 for DirecTV and provides access to many TV channels as well.
My wife and 22 month old son are about to board a 14 hour flight. United is only offering one meal service over that 14 hour period and they won't give any food to my son because he's on his mothers lap and doesn't have his own individual ticket. Some milk maybe some yoghurt a ham sandwich costs them what maybe $2? It's apparent that that extra $2 is worth more than the comfort of their lowly economy customers. Flying isn't what it used to be.
Terrible service unless you are some sort of elite status traveler. This airline wouldn't let me pick my seats during on-line check in. Assigned me and my 9 year old son Exit row seats because the flight was completely oversold. When I advised gate attendant that a 9 year old would be in the exit row they stated that I "shouldn't have agreed to the terms and conditions of those seats". Told to leave my boarding passes and they would fix it. After 40 minutes everyone else gets on plane I go up to find out what's going on and I'm then given back my original boarding passes and told to get on the plane and they would fix it there. Onboard told to see the 2nd attendant. The 2nd attendant tells me I can't sit in the exit row with a child. An attendant moved 2 people out of their seats into the exit row and then snidely says to me "See. that wasn't so bad was it?". I've taken 4 United round trips in the last 5 years and pretty much determined that this kind of attitude is common.
EWR (NJ) direct to POS (Trinidad). The United Club was unfortunate and so was the outdated 737-800 (UA1505) that took us to our Christmas vacation. Save your money folks and fly coach. This class of service is not worth the extra cost. I would say the worst part about flying United is the unenthusiastic and unhelpful service. No big surprise to anyone who flies United regularly. I also bought the Premier Accelerator and Reward Accelerator erroneously thinking that I would maintain my Status Match level with this flight. The "fine print" here is that the Accelerator is not permitted in achieving status if you're doing a Match but their web site will continually advertise it to you like it is. You will also be allowed to buy this product which I now have deep regret doing.
Our last series of flights (from the UK to the USA and also within the USA) were quite simply the worst travel experience we have had in over 30 years of being regular international and national travellers. Staff in the business class lounge were unhelpful badly informed and unfriendly. Flight was delayed and we were initially held sitting on board for several hours. Then had to de-board and a few hours later the flight was cancelled. We had to exit through the baggage hall. Despite having a lot of baggage and having already been assured we could leave our checked baggage with United staff one member of staff told us "we won't look after this anybody can take it and it's not our responsibility and then decided to insist we take our bags out immediately. The hotel United put us in was dreadful. Put on a fight the following day. We used air miles to upgrade to business class: United's configuration of the new extra-slim business class seats is awful. 2x4x2. Paying business class and being stuck in the middle with no dividers between two people you don't know? Hardly classy treatment! Seats are so thin that anyone with broad shoulders will be very uncomfortable. One of the internal flights in the USA was so cold that everyone sat shivering in their overcoats. At every airport in the USA staff were at best ungracious and unfriendly. Everything was too much trouble for them. United has also downgraded its Silver status so that now you only get one free bag not two. It is very sad to see the appalling way that United Airlines' service has plummeted.
FLL to EWR to SFO. UA1024 for the EWR leg firstly the pilot taxied too close to the corner and got stuck in snow. Solved that with a pull out and then the fun started. Pilot came on and said we are rerouted and he doesn't have enough fuel but that he is protesting with the tower. Over an hour later we are at a gate being fuelled. The gate agent refused to assist me in finding another route home since 2 hours had passed and I was certain I'd missed my connection in SFO. No hotel because they said the delay was due to weather not incompetence. The new customer focus they speak of is a facade. Flight was Feb 21. SFO has comfortable chairs but not to sleep on.
I'm currently sitting at the gate for my United flight at LAX. A gentleman came out of the gate off of a flight obviously in a hurry and quickly asked where the connecting flight for Newark was. The staff here looked at him like it was the most inconvenient question in the world. They closed the doors for the tarmac before all passengers were inside which left them outside knocking on the door. Not one member of the staff let them in so an airline customer opened the door which set off an alarm. Again the staff did nothing and let the alarm go off for minutes. Definitely not impressed not to mention every time the gal came over the loud speaker she sounded like se had no clue what was going on. She kept getting flights confused and putting out wrong information. I will make sure I don't fly with them again.
0 for 3! United Airlines failed to depart all of my flights this week on time by greater than an hour. Two of which were in excess of 2 hours. This resulted in my decision to cancel my last leg (which I was going to miss anyway) with them and drive 5 hours in the middle of the night to get to my destination. I didn't want to take the risk of staying overnight and not getting home. Apparently they don't have any concern for their customers and their timelines. Probably won't fly with them again.
PSP-Houston-Washington-Ottawa. Arrived 1 hour and 45 mins prior to departure. In PSP they had 3 flights (Denver San Fran and Houston) all leaving within 30 mins. They had 3 attendants each flight left without people who were left in line because of the counter delays. Staff were less than helpful. No organization no communication. We got to the gate with 5 mins to spare. On the Houston - Washington segment they arrived with time left on the inflight movie - so no one saw the ending. I will not use United again.
Really simple flight from Los Angeles CA to Newark NJ at 11.30pm then a connecting flight from Newark NJ to Boston MA (1.5 hrs buffer). Total time should have been 6-7 hours. Problems started in Los Angeles when the gate person told us that there was a mechanical problem on the plane. Many people had connecting flights and so a long line formed. One person was at the desk creating new boarding passes. For some reason it took him about 10000 keystrokes to issue each pass. Two hours he issued a total of two boarding passes. The line became exceedingly long and then he called in a manager who whispered in his ear then left. Another associate came in talked to the associate at the counter and walked away. Flight arrives late and then I have to wait 7 hours for another flight to Boston. Total travel time ended up being over 17 hours. Horrible experience inept customer service.
YWG-ORD-FLL-ORD-YWG. Check seemed more complicated than other carriers but did manage to figure it out. Left YWG on-time. Arrived into ORD more or less on time. Had 50 minutes to get to next gate which was miles away. Got to the gate with about 10 minutes to spare. 4/7 of my group members got seats. Three were put up in a hotel for the afternoon and the closest United could get them to FLL the same day was to fly to MEM. They arrived in MEM only having to drive 13 hours to get to FLL. They were fairly compensated that was the only good part of the outbound trip. On the way back check in was a breeze as it was deserted. Ended up getting to the gate with about 2 hours to spare. Plane was delayed about 25 minutes aggravating but didn't lose any sleep over it. Got into ORD a couple minutes late. My connection to YWG was supposed to be 40 minutes but our plane which was coming in from SAV was 4.5 hours late leaving thus delaying us 4.5 hours. I was insulted as we only received a $7 voucher. The only shop that was open was a McDonald's which was in the American Airlines terminal which was miles away. Winnipeggers don't have much choice in air travel but I will do my best to avoid United in the future.
LAX-JFK EWR-LAX. Pros: two helpful ground agents and warm friendly lounge staff at LAX. Decent IFE and comfortable seat for the 5 hour flight. Cons: Too many to mention but mainly staff attitude about everything. Even the simplest task is completed with a sigh and a roll of the eyes. I've never experienced boarding a flight before while the crew talked amongst themselves and literally ignored passengers boarding - not even a request to show boarding passes. I've honestly never been tested with such consistent disdain by employees of a company to which I'm paying a considerable chunk of money. It got to the point where I just smiled to myself with amusement at their unprofessional and frankly useless and unhelpful manner. I only flew UA as a code share with AirNZ but can honestly say I will never ever waste my time or money again.
This review relates to a 5 flight itinerary booked with United. Other than flight segment 3 which was with Lufthansa from Barcelona (BCN) to Munich (MUC) the other 4 flights were with United Airlines. The problem started when United had a schedule change which did not allow us a legal connection in Newark (EWR) on the outbound flight to Barcelona (BCN). We received an e-mail from United informing us of a change in time to an earlier flight from Phoenix (PHX) to Newark (EWR) allowing us a legal connection for our flight. This in itself was a bit annoying since we went from an original connection time of one hour to a four hour connection. Unfortunately we "accepted" the change on-line which was the first error on our part. The day prior to departing from Phoenix we received the usual message telling us we could print our boarding passes. This worked fine until we checked the boarding passes only to find out there was no longer the priority boarding we had booked and paid for. This resulted in spending over an hour on the phone to United. As it turned out with every segment flown with United it was necessary to go through the whole process of having them reprint boarding passes which showed the priority boarding and then only after we had provided them with proof this had been purchased. As for the flights themselves? The usual experience of dealing with disinterested flight attendants barely edible food and the fact as I was told "United no longer offers special meals (eg: low cholesterol or diabetic) but does provide a kosher meal for its Jewish and Muslim passengers and a beef free meal for its Sikh passengers. So all in all the poor service of United Airlines appears to be the norm more and more these days rather than the exception which really is a problem for the UA's promise that we are "flying the friendly skies".
My sister wife and I travelled Heathrow to Chicago to Denver and onto Minot ND. Booked meals asked for veggie for me on the first flight. Lousy onboard service Chicago chaotic. Flight on small jet to Minot was excellent. return was via Washington. Lousy flight uncomfortable seats on United tight for me at 6'3" on board attendants no patience. Food again on return was unplanned.
Planned a vacation to Australia and New Zealand over a year ago! Left EWR on Jan 22 for SFO flight was delayed almost 2 hours (waited about 40 mins to take off) most of the delay was caused by a mechanical problem. Pilot apologized for problem saw mechanic going back and forth down aisle. Had a connecting flight to Sydney with 1.5 hr layover. Notified flight attendant about connection and pilot contacted United to let them know that there were a number of people on the flight connecting to Sydney. Was told plane was taking off "on time" Got into SFO in enough time to make connection but sat on tarmac for 20 mins. waiting for gate. No gate agent no transportation - just run. Got to gate at 10.42 doors closed at 10.40. United's response - tough. One flight a day to Sydney. Customer service said EWR flight was delayed due to weather (untrue) therefore no compensation. Was upgraded to First class for following days flight. One hour before departure United takes away our first class tickets and gives seats to United employees (saw the badge) - unbelievable! Don't want to bore you with the return flights but suffice it to say had to spend two nights in SFO of course no compensation.
I flew United on domestic US flights 3 times in last month and I am very disappointed by their customer care. They haven't informed passengers that due to delays their connection flight (on the same flight number as from Portland to Las Vegas through San Francisco) would be missed - they knew that before boarding the first plane. Secondly they ignored passengers who had to sleep at San Francisco airport on the floor having all restaurants and half of restrooms closed. When coming back from US to Poland (3 flights - 17 hours) I couldn't check an additional bag (as I should have Star Alliance Silver status) informing me that these were Lufthansa regulations and they have their own united and they don't care or I will have to pay 200$. I was forced to check the carry-on luggage as they found they had no free space onboard. Of course my hand luggage was an appropriate size. I am very disappointed and will do my best not to use United Airlines again.
Flight from HNL to Denver has been sitting at gate for 2 hrs and no information given other than cargo door problem. I quit flying United several years ago but booked this flight due to price. Never again. Will now miss my connecting flight to DSM. Will not make this mistake using this airline again. On flight over to HNL the entertainment system did not work.
Worst airline I have ever been on. So far UAL has cancelled 3 flights from EWR to BOS with the excuses being weather crew and now mechanical. That's 3 separate planes. Seats in economy are tight with virtually no movement. I'll never fly them again.
Arrived Tullamarine (Melbourne Australia) for long planned family holiday to USA. Informed flight cancelled and next flight was two days away! No apology no explanation. Flights through to LA and then to New York uneventful. Flight home from JFK - baggage issues plane delayed on tarmac for close to two hours no amenities from staff water etc. LA connection end then delayed by non appearing traveller. Flight to Sydney diverted to Brisbane due to low fuel missed connecting flights and luggage 'lost' (arrived 11pm four days later). United never again.
Worst airline and worst customer service anyone can ever imagine. 4 hour delay on the plane then cancellation next morning again 4 hour delay while sitting on the plane and then cancellation. 3rd day waiting for an hour to get my luggage checked in when there were only 3 people in front of me. Staff had no idea. This was from Regina to Denver. By the time we were done with staff we were already late for boarding.
Just flew United to Honolulu from Canada. Worst possible flight from Chicago. No entertainment no WiFi and absolutely no food or snacks were given. Mechanical issue delayed us for 2 hrs. Will never fly United again.
My husband's father passed away 2 days ago. We scrambled to get him on a flight that wasn't too terribly expensive and would get him there in an expeditious manner. He flew from LAX to SFO. The plane he was supposed to be on in SFO had mechanical difficulties. They brought in another plane from Vegas. This second plane had problems as well. It took an additional 5.5 hours for him to get on his way to his family.
Delay of 4 hours then cancellation with another 4 hour wait for customer service on scheduled flight from SFO to HNL is totally unforgivable and there were no weather issues involved. Date of travel was to be 18 Jan 2014 and rebooked on 19 Jan 2014. Definitely cannot recommend United ever again.
Took several flights in the last couple of months from EWR-HKG ORD-HKG NRT-EWR. The only positive item is inflight entertainment on the 777. Food: first meal - barely edible snack: unedible (half frozen sandwich) third meal: terrible. Now United have started charging for wine on such flights which last year didn't. Staff: terrible: I was given terrible attitude by a flight attendant didn't respond to several attendant calls for a long time. There are several airlines doing such routes all of them providing far better service than United.
Flew from HKG-ORD and ORD to IAD. I had very low expectations on United. Surprisingly HKG-ORD ultra long haul flight has excellent service. Probably this is because the flight is staffed by Hong Kong-based crews. The 777-200ER aircraft has decent AVOD. Food is average but the crews offer multiple drink runs throughout the flight. ORD to IAD domestic flight is normal US standard. Only drink is served. PTV is useless unless you pay to watch Direct TV. Service by cabin crew very average. The experience is 4 star for the international flight and I would not hesitate to fly United if Hong Kong crews serve the flight.
My pregnant wife and I had to fly to Maryland from Hawaii. As we were leaving for the airport I get a notification that the plane was experiencing mechanical issues and the flight was delayed. I contacted them and discussed how our delay was going to affect our connecting flight in San Francisco. I was told it would not be an issue. Upon arrival in San Francisco I learned that was not the case. I was told we had to wait a few hours and was going to Houston where I would be connected to Baltimore. We arrived in Houston and was greeted by another rude employee telling us the delay caused us to miss the connector to Baltimore and would get us a later flight putting us in Baltimore around 10pm and that was our only option. I walked outside to get some air and saw a supervisor at the ticket counter. I explained the story to her she offered to get on a flight that would put us in DC. On our arrival we learned that after what was to be a 12-13 hour flight that turned into a twenty something hour flight zig zagging across country. United did not have our luggage and it was sitting in an airport in New Jersey.
Flight from Houston to SLC on 2/1/2014 a family of six including a 6 year old 4 year old and twin 2 year olds. When we checked in at the gate the gentleman at the gate was very short and rude and bluntly stated that we had not reserved our seating online as required when actually we had several months in advance. He took our tickets and forced us to stand by and wait for everyone else to board the plane every time we tried to ask him any questions he completely ignored and avoided us. After everyone else was on board he shoved some tickets at us and sent us on the plane with 4 small kids and 2 car seats. We were scattered throughout the plane. Fortunately the staff on the plane were accommodating enough to rearrange seating a little in order to get my husband or I as close as possible to our kids but we were still very separated. We also found out that several other families were separated on the plane as well. The entire flight was very stressful and unnerving and after this experience I will never fly with United again based on the treatment of the man at the gate. I would not recommend United Airlines to any families as none of our flights were accommodating to young families with kids and car seats as most airlines are.
Lost bags delayed flights lack of communication wrong allocation of seats (such as row 50 in an airline that only has 46 rows) and rude staff have made my collective experience with United Airlines a negative one. To give them 1 star for each of these categories is a stretch. I wish I had read the reviews before booking so many flights with them as it seems that the rest of their previous customers are just as satisfied as I. Literally days wasted in airports and kilometres walked trying to get answers from staff who clearly are in the wrong line of work given their communication skills. Never again.
DEN-LHR on Christmas Eve. No food service for 50% of Economy class cabin as crew claimed that ground staff forgot to load enough food for all passengers in this class due to "holiday mood". When complained to crew they said it is unfortunate and can send letter to head office if dis-satisfied with service. Last time to fly with UA.
Newark to Hong Kong in Economy Plus. The flight left early and arrived late which made for a 16.5 hour flight. It was a very smooth flight and the fasten seatbelt sign was turned off 2 hours after take-off. I asked for a glass of red wine and was told that United began charging $7.99 a glass on flights across the Pacific Ocean on Jan 1 2014. No hot towels were provided. The meal came with plastic tableware. The individual in-flight entertainment worked well on the 777-200. 2 hours before landing there were a couple of bumps and the fasten seatbelt sign was on for the remaining 2 hours of the flight. On a 16 hour flight it is nice to use the toilet to freshen up before landing. No toothbrush or socks were provided. I purchased the more expensive W ticket because I had an upgrade but the business/first section was full two weeks before departure.
I took United from Paris to Washington DC and then from DC to Richmond VA. The first flight was ok despite no communication or service from the crew. The second flight has one hour delay so far. Not very happy about flying with United. I won't recommend it.
We flew from Newark to Panama City Panama. Flight arrived 30 mins late at 11pm. The flight was OK except for no entertainment as the paying entertainment was not worth it. No free food even that had to be paid for - we didn't. Pilots were pretty uncommunicative and the cabin crew indifferent. The seats are real torture too narrow hard and poor legroom combine to make 5 hours feel like forever!
Flew Denver to Tokyo Flight left 2 hrs. late (mech) so we missed our connecting flight arrived 9 hrs late. On the way back they changed our seats at boarding and put us next to the bathroom got to hear the toilet flush and the door slam for 10 hours I'll never fly United again.
We flew to Geneva from ABQ on 1/16 - 1/26. Flight UA5176 UA907 UA975Y UA783Y. To start we had a 5 hr delay and our party of 6 had to be split up and re-routed to reach our overseas destination (this was not due to weather). United offered us a measly 7$ credit that was only usable in one airport for food. It didn't even cover a meal. When we finally were on our way there were further delays (once again not weather) and upon arrival our party was split and we had to pt double to take the shuttle separately to our hotel. Very frustrating trip with United!
IAH to CVG: Crowded dirty late with poor customer service from distracted personnel. They act like they simply don't care. If you enjoy riding Greyhound Bus Lines and want to have that same experience in the air fly United.
I purchased first class tickets hoping to make the experience a little better it didn't help. The food on the flight is horrible. You get a snack box which consists of a couple of crackers some cheese spread a fig cookie and some kind of cranberry bar. That is not first class service to me. To make matters worse my bags were lost. It would have taken them two hours to drive it to me instead they had to fly it back then ship it to the correct place. This took about 24 hours when it should have taken 2. To make matters even worse on the flight home my bags didn't make it again. I was told they got put on the later flight. I won't be flying United anymore.
Flew United 261 LAX to Orlando Economy Plus. No music no movie (not even plug for headset) only ability to purchase wifi for $9.99. Remodelled seats with less padding.
